Dev:Versioninfo
===============

Date: 2012-10-16 09:12:06

← Nächstältere Version

Version vom 16. Oktober 2012, 07:12 Uhr

Zeile 46:

Zeile 46:

 

<div>

Version information about the external libraries that YaCy is using can
be found here:

</div>

 

<div>

Version information about the external libraries that YaCy is using can
be found here:

</div>

 

<div>

http://www.yacy-websuche.de/wiki/index.php/Dev:Libinfo

</div>

 

<div>

http://www.yacy-websuche.de/wiki/index.php/Dev:Libinfo

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[Online \[http://best-sportsbettingsites.com/ sports betting online\] is
becoming extremely popularacross the world. There are sites that offer
reviews of each of the top sports books consider them is wise to make
wise decisions.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[The \[http://sportsbettingsitesonline.com/ online sports betting
sites\] is a big hit, a lot of gamblers who like to wager in their
favourite sport can make correct predictions and win hands win handsome,
without leaving once comfort zone.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[Now watch live \[http://skysportsfootballsites.com/ sky sports football
news\] including live Premier League football, live Champions League
football and live Football matches from all around the world, visit the
site to make a note of the schedules.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[There are various sites online that offers guide to odds, expert tips
and live action sport, for you best enjoy
\[http://playfreefootballgamesonline.com/ free football games online\],
and have some extra income from your football passion.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[Claim the no-deposit bonus and \[http://freesportsbetonline.com/ sports
betting picks\] completely risk free, this is a great opportunity for
both newbies and freebies to test their skills in betting in
real.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\[http://sportsbettingforumsites.com/ sports betting forum sites\] is
an informative platform, to be a great bettor you need to be informed
about the happenings of both the betting as well as sports field, here
you will be able to know all the details, andlatest happenings of both
the worlds.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[A \[http://best-sportsbet.com/ best sports bet\] is an act of placing a
wager on your, predictions in a sport event, if you love sport and are
you have knowledge about the sport and up with the latest information,
and have the skill to make right predictions you betting in sports is
for you.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[You can bet on \[http://onlinefootballgamesites.com/ online football
game\] anytime, 24 hours a day 7 days a week. This means that you can
have fun with your betting hobby; it is a great way to enjoy winnings in
free time and have some extra income.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[You can enjoy the experience of betting in
\[http://skysportsfootballonline.com/ sky sports football\] without the
risk of losing money, there are many sports online where you can bet for
free or can invest in the games by claiming the free money offered
through the no-deposit bonus.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[To lay your bets correctly and know the type of
\[http://bettingsportsonlinee.com/ best betting sports online\] and
their odds, understanding them is crucial, with the right amount of
knowledge, will assist you in betting wisely.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\[http://onlinesportssgaming.com/ free online sports
games\]]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\[http://bestsportsbettingsitess.com/ online sports betting
sites\]]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\[http://onlinelivesportsbetting.com/ sports betting\]]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\[http://sportsbettingeasynow.com/ sports betting online\]]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\[http://sportsbetonlinenow.com/ online sports bet\]]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\[http://hockeysportssbetting.com/ hockey sports bet\]]{.underline}

</div>

 

 

 

<div>

= YaCy on download portals =

</div>

 

<div>

= YaCy on download portals =

</div>

Zeile 60:

Zeile 92:

 

<div>

\* v0.53
http://developer.berlios.de/project/showfiles.php?group\_id=3505

</div>

 

<div>

\* v0.53
http://developer.berlios.de/project/showfiles.php?group\_id=3505

</div>

 

<div>

\* v0.52 http://filepedia.de/yacy\_download/

</div>

 

<div>

\* v0.52 http://filepedia.de/yacy\_download/

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[There are \[http://dietpillss.com/ Safe diet pills\], offered to you to
lead a healthy and happy life without the worry of the side effects
associated to it.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\[http://dietofweightloss.com/ weightloss tips\]]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[Choose the \[http://latestfashiontrendz.com/ best fashion trends\]
suitable foe you depending on your body type and go with the ones that
best suit you]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\[http://womensfashiondesigners.com/ Fashion designers for womens\] are
a lot more popular all over the world, as women as extremely fashion
conscious and look forward to look trendy and stylish all the
time.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\[http://topmensfashiondesigners.com/ Fashion designers for men\]
design and create original clothing, accessories, and footwear for men.
They help men look stylish and trendy.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[To know about the \[http://latestmensfashiontrendz.com/ new mens
fashion trends\], you can use the internet and browse the stores online,
and upgrade your closet comfortably and conveniently.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[Get the latest of \[http://bestmensfashion.com/ mens fashion styles\],
by researching online and also know the latest trends of fashion style,
that are inn this season.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[You can go for a great \[http://shoppingonlinee.com/ online shopping\]
experience form the comfort and convenience of you own living room.
Moreover you will find some great deals that will fetch you quality
products as well as savings.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\[http://securedloanreviews.com/ secured loan\]]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\[http://studentfinestcreditcards.com/ best student credit
cards\]]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\[http://autoloanhelponline.com/ auto loan refinance\]]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\[http://creditcard-assist.com/ credit card rates\]]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\[http://holidayloanreviews.com/ holiday loan\]]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\[http://mortgageloanshelp.net/ mortgage loans\]]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\[http://businesscreditcardinfo.net/ credit card
companies\]]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\[http://homeloansadvisor.net/ home loans\]]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\[http://themortgageloanshelp.com/ home loans help\]]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\[http://personal-loans-help.com/ personal loans\]]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\[http://superhomeloansguide.com/ home loan\]]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\[http://studentloansadvisor.com/ student loans\]]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\[http://instanthomeloansguide.com/ home improvement
loans\]]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\[http://completecarloanguide.com/ online car loans\]]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\[http://house-loans-tips.com/ bad credit house loans\]]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\[http://student-loan-reviews.com/ bank student loans\]]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\[http://forwardmortgagebasics.com/ reverse mortgage
basics\]]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\[http://smart-home-debts.com/ debt solution\]]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\[http://student-loans-guide.com/ student loans for
college\]]{.underline}

</div>
