Dev:APIhello
============

Date: 2013-11-29 01:38:34

abstraction of http header rules

← Nächstältere Version

Version vom 29. November 2013, 00:38 Uhr

Zeile 4:

Zeile 4:

 

 

 

<div>

=== Properties in the callers http header ===

</div>

 

<div>

=== Properties in the callers http header ===

</div>

−

<div>

The caller ~~puts~~ the ~~peer hash of the called peer in the
(HTTP/1.1-required) \'Host\' attribute. The~~
\[\[Dev:~~EnhancedBase64~~\|~~Enhanced Base64-encoded\]\] peer hash is
encoded as \[\[Dev:HexHash\|HexHash\]\] and the host name is created
using this HexHash with an appended \'.yacyh~~

</div>

\+

<div>

The caller [must obey]{.underline} the
\[\[Dev:[APIHttpHeader]{.underline}\|http header
[rules]{.underline}\]\].

</div>

−

<div>

~~\' extension. A Host property in the~~ http header ~~looks like~~

</div>

\+

<div>

</div>

−

<div>

~~Host: d7841c7477a57de875.yacyh~~

</div>

\+

<div>

</div>

−

<div>

~~This is only necessary if the called host is a
\[\[Dev:PeerType\#mentor\|mentor peer\]\] and the target host is a
\[\[Dev:PeerType\#mentee\|mentee peer~~\]\].

</div>

\+

<div>

</div>

 

 

 

\+

<div>

[=== Operations performed when the servlet is called ===]{.underline}

</div>

 

<div>

When a peer is pinged by calling the hello.html servlet the ping\'ed
peer tries to ping the ping-ing peer back by calling the ping-ing peers
\[\[Dev:APIquery\|/yacy/query.html\]\] servlet. If the ping\'ed peer
gets a respond from the ping-ing peer, it assigns the ping-ing peer the
\[\[Dev:PeerType\#senior\|senior\]\] status, otherwise the status is
\[\[Dev:PeerType\#junior\|junior\]\]. After the ping-ing peer gets a
result, it assigns itself the status as reported by the ping process. If
the peer gets no answer at all (i.e. a timeout happens), the peer
assigns itself the \[\[Dev:PeerType\#virgin\|virgin\]\] status.

</div>

 

<div>

When a peer is pinged by calling the hello.html servlet the ping\'ed
peer tries to ping the ping-ing peer back by calling the ping-ing peers
\[\[Dev:APIquery\|/yacy/query.html\]\] servlet. If the ping\'ed peer
gets a respond from the ping-ing peer, it assigns the ping-ing peer the
\[\[Dev:PeerType\#senior\|senior\]\] status, otherwise the status is
\[\[Dev:PeerType\#junior\|junior\]\]. After the ping-ing peer gets a
result, it assigns itself the status as reported by the ping process. If
the peer gets no answer at all (i.e. a timeout happens), the peer
assigns itself the \[\[Dev:PeerType\#virgin\|virgin\]\] status.

</div>

 

 
