En:Raspberry Pi
===============

Date: 2013-01-21 10:50:44

[Running YaCy on Raspbian: ]{.autocomment} shrink + update raspian

← Nächstältere Version

Version vom 21. Januar 2013, 09:50 Uhr

Zeile 12:

Zeile 12:

 

<div>

\* log in to your RPi using ssh with the user \'pi\' and the password
\'raspberry\'.

</div>

 

<div>

\* log in to your RPi using ssh with the user \'pi\' and the password
\'raspberry\'.

</div>

 

<div>

\* assign a \[\[En:StaticIP \| Static IP\]\] to your RPi. This will
cause that you have a unique link to your YaCy peer on the RPi in your
intranet. If there is no conflict in the set-up of your network, use the
default IP 192.168.1.70

</div>

 

<div>

\* assign a \[\[En:StaticIP \| Static IP\]\] to your RPi. This will
cause that you have a unique link to your YaCy peer on the RPi in your
intranet. If there is no conflict in the set-up of your network, use the
default IP 192.168.1.70

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\* Optional: shrink Raspian with the \[\[En:DebianHeadless \| Headless
Debian\]\] tutorial by removing X11 and all dependencies]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\* Optional: get latest system updates (sudo apt-get update && sudo
apt-get upgrade && sudo apt-get dist-upgrade) followed by a restart
(sudo shutdown -r now). Repeat this until no updates appear. Then do a
cleanup (sudo apt-get clean)]{.underline}

</div>

 

<div>

\* install YaCy by following the \[\[En:DebianInstall \| YaCy for debian
how-to\]\] - this will also automatically install Java. We recommend to
lower the RAM to about 120 MB or lower, but now below 60MB (this is
still experimental)

</div>

 

<div>

\* install YaCy by following the \[\[En:DebianInstall \| YaCy for debian
how-to\]\] - this will also automatically install Java. We recommend to
lower the RAM to about 120 MB or lower, but now below 60MB (this is
still experimental)

</div>

 

<div>

\* if you set the default IP 192.168.1.70, then your YaCy peer will be
available at http://192.168.1.70:8090

</div>

 

<div>

\* if you set the default IP 192.168.1.70, then your YaCy peer will be
available at http://192.168.1.70:8090

</div>

 

 

 

<div>

After YaCy has started, it takes some time until the web interface is
available.

</div>

 

<div>

After YaCy has started, it takes some time until the web interface is
available.

</div>
