En:Raspberry Pi
===============

Date: 2013-01-21 14:32:11

[YaCy Auto-Start and Watchdog: ]{.autocomment} fix

← Nächstältere Version

Version vom 21. Januar 2013, 13:32 Uhr

(2 dazwischenliegende Versionen von einem Benutzer werden nicht
angezeigt)

Zeile 4:

Zeile 4:

 

 

 

<div>

There is a wide range of \[http://elinux.org/RPi\_Distributions
available operating systems for the RPi\]. There is also a \'default\'
system recommended by the makers of the RPi, called \"Raspbian\" which
is based on debian wheezy.

</div>

 

<div>

There is a wide range of \[http://elinux.org/RPi\_Distributions
available operating systems for the RPi\]. There is also a \'default\'
system recommended by the makers of the RPi, called \"Raspbian\" which
is based on debian wheezy.

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[There are several options for an OS on the Raspberry PI (\'RPi\'). We
consider to run YaCy on Raspbian but you might want to insert more
sections here for other OS\']{.underline}

</div>

 

 

 

<div>

=== Running YaCy on Raspbian ===

</div>

 

<div>

=== Running YaCy on Raspbian ===

</div>

−

<div>

 

</div>

\+

<div>

[We take the default Raspbian image but modify it to fit it for our
needs:]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[====Preparation of Raspbian====]{.underline}

</div>

 

<div>

\* Download the soft-float ABI version of Raspian called
\"wheezy-armel\" from http://www.raspberrypi.org/downloads

</div>

 

<div>

\* Download the soft-float ABI version of Raspian called
\"wheezy-armel\" from http://www.raspberrypi.org/downloads

</div>

 

<div>

\* Write the image to a SD card, a manual for Windows, Mac and Linux is
at http://elinux.org/RPi\_Easy\_SD\_Card\_Setup

</div>

 

<div>

\* Write the image to a SD card, a manual for Windows, Mac and Linux is
at http://elinux.org/RPi\_Easy\_SD\_Card\_Setup

</div>

 

<div>

\* When the RPi starts up the first time, enable the ssh server in the
Raspi-config menu and run expand-rootfs to use the full sd card
capacity.

</div>

 

<div>

\* When the RPi starts up the first time, enable the ssh server in the
Raspi-config menu and run expand-rootfs to use the full sd card
capacity.

</div>

−

<div>

\* ~~log~~ in to your RPi using ssh with the user \'pi\' and the
password \'raspberry\'.

</div>

\+

<div>

\* [Log]{.underline} in to your RPi using ssh with the user \'pi\' and
the password \'raspberry\'.

</div>

−

<div>

\* ~~assign~~ a \[\[En:StaticIP \| Static IP\]\] to your RPi. This will
cause that you have a unique link to your YaCy peer on the RPi in your
intranet. If there is no conflict in the set-up of your network, use the
default IP 192.168.1.70

</div>

\+

<div>

\* [Assign]{.underline} a \[\[En:StaticIP \| Static IP\]\] to your RPi.
This will cause that you have a unique link to your YaCy peer on the RPi
in your intranet. If there is no conflict in the set-up of your network,
use the default IP 192.168.1.70

</div>

−

<div>

\* Optional: shrink Raspian with the \[\[En:DebianHeadless \| Headless
Debian\]\] tutorial by removing X11 and all dependencies

</div>

\+

<div>

[\* Englarge swap space. It is not recommended to use a swap space on SD
cards but java crashes if for any reason more memory is needed than we
thought that is necessary. We will configure YaCy to take up only as
much space so that swapping does not happen. But to protect YaCy from
crashing, we enlarge the swap space:]{.underline}

</div>

−

<div>

\* Optional: get latest system updates ~~(~~sudo apt-get update ~~&&~~
sudo apt-get upgrade ~~&&~~ sudo apt-get dist-upgrade~~)~~ followed by a
restart ~~(~~sudo shutdown -r now~~).~~ Repeat this until no updates
appear. Then do a cleanup ~~(~~sudo apt-get clean~~)~~

</div>

\+

<div>

[:\*open the file /etc/dphys-swapfile and replace the \'100\' by i.e.
\'1024\'. This will give you 1GB of swap space. This is available after
a re-start.]{.underline}

</div>

−

<div>

\* install YaCy ~~by following~~ the \[\[En:DebianInstall \| ~~YaCy for
debian how-to~~\]\] ~~- this~~ will ~~also automatically~~ install
~~Java~~. ~~We recommend to~~ lower the RAM ~~to about 120 MB or lower,
but now below 60MB~~ (~~this is still experimental~~)

</div>

\+

<div>

[:\*to protect Raspbian from swapping (while still having the option) we
need a low swappiness value. Open the file /proc/sys/vm/swappiness and
check that this is low. By default, there is a 1, you can replace it by
0.]{.underline}

</div>

−

<div>

\* ~~if~~ you set the default IP 192.168.1.70, then your YaCy peer will
be available at http://192.168.1.70:8090

</div>

\+

<div>

\* Optional[/recommended]{.underline}: shrink Raspian with the
\[\[En:DebianHeadless \| Headless Debian\]\] tutorial by removing X11
and all dependencies[. After this, you can also remove the Python Games
on the RPi]{.underline}

</div>

−

<div>

 

</div>

\+

<div>

[rm -Rf \~/python\_games]{.underline}

</div>

−

<div>

~~After~~ YaCy ~~has started~~, ~~it takes~~ some time ~~until~~ the
~~web interface~~ is ~~available~~.

</div>

\+

<div>

\* Optional[/recommended: remove all programming languages that you
don\'t need when running YaCy:]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[sudo apt-get remove \--purge python python2.6 python2.7 python3
python3.2 perl]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[:You may want to remove orphan and not required packages after this
using the \[\[En:DebianHeadless \| Headless Debian\]\] tutorial
again.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\* Optional/recommended]{.underline}: get latest system updates

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline} sudo apt-get update

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline} sudo apt-get upgrade

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline} sudo apt-get dist-upgrade

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[:]{.underline}followed by a restart

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline} sudo shutdown -r now

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[:]{.underline}Repeat this until no updates appear. Then do a cleanup

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline} sudo apt-get clean

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[:then you should have at most 627M used on your SD card:]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[df -h .]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[====Java Installation====]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

\* [Optional/recommended:]{.underline} install [Oracle Headless JVM.
This is probably the fastest JVM.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[:\* Download a ARMv6/7 version from
http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/embedded/downloads/javase/index.html
- Java 1.6 is sufficient]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[:\* copy the ejre\*.tar.gz file with scp to your RPi to \~pi/
i.e.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[scp
ejre-1\_6\_0\_38-fcs-b05-linux-arm-vfp-eabi-headless-13\_nov\_2012.tar.gz
pi\@192.168.1.70:\~/]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[:\* untar the ejre\*.tar.gz file on your RPi, i.e.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[tar xfz
ejre-1\_6\_0\_38-fcs-b05-linux-arm-vfp-eabi-headless-13\_nov\_2012.tar.gz]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[:which creates a directory ejre1.6.0\_38. To add the java command to
the \~pi execution path, do i.e.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[echo \'PATH=\"\$HOME/ejre1.6.0\_38/bin:\$PATH\"\' \>\>
\~/.profile]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[:then log from RPi, out and log in again. To test if java is then
available, run]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[java]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[====]{.underline}YaCy [Installation====]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[There is]{.underline} the [option to install YaCy like any other debian
package (see:]{.underline} \[\[En:DebianInstall\| [Debian
Installation]{.underline}\]\][), but then you cannot use the Oracle JVM
as described above. We]{.underline} will [just use the YaCy tarball
release.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\*]{.underline} install [YaCy using a tarball from
http://latest]{.underline}.[yacy.net i.e.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[wget
http://latest.yacy.net/yacy\_v1.03\_20120619\_9000.tar.gz]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[tar xfz yacy\_v1.03\_20120619\_9000.tar.gz]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[:]{.underline}lower the [default]{.underline} RAM [requirement; edit
the file \~/yacy/defaults/yacy.init and replace the value for
javastart\_Xmx by \'Xmx120m\']{.underline} ([without
quotes]{.underline})[. Now you can start YaCy:]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\~/yacy/startYACY.sh]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

\* [If]{.underline} you set the default IP 192.168.1.70, then your YaCy
peer will be available [(wait a bit)]{.underline} at
http://192.168.1.70:8090

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\*]{.underline} YaCy [will replace the default administration
password]{.underline}, [which is empty, after]{.underline} some [minutes
by a random password. You should set your own password by
calling]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\~/yacy/bin/passwd.sh {yournewpassword}]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[:If you click on a protected page in YaCy, you must put in that
password.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[====YaCy Auto-Start and Watchdog====]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[We want that our RPi starts YaCy at boot]{.underline} time [and shuts
it down properly. Create a file in /etc/init.d/yacy with]{.underline}
the [following content:]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\#!/bin/bash]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[case \"\$1\" in]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[  start)]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[    su - pi -c \"/home/pi/yacy/startYACY.sh\"]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[    ;;]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[  stop)]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[    su - pi -c \"/home/pi/yacy/stopYACY.sh\"]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[    ;;]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[esac]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[exit 0]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[and make it executable and linked with]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[sudo chmod 755 /etc/init.d/yacy]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[sudo ln -s /etc/init.d/yacy /etc/rc0.d/K01yacy]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[sudo ln -s /etc/init.d/yacy /etc/rc2.d/S06yacy]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[This will start and stop YaCy automatically. We also want that
YaCy]{.underline} is [supervised with a watchdog and automatically
restarted if it failed, crashed or behaves dead. Add the following line
to /etc/crontab]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[0 \* \* \* \* pi cd /home/pi/yacy/bin && ./checkalive.sh]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[This will check and if necessary restart YaCy once an
hour]{.underline}.

</div>
