Fragen und Antworten â€¢ Re: Yacy Performance steigern
====================================================

Date: 2013-12-20 00:19:34

84GB???\
\
Do you design your own motherboards?
![;)](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/images/smilies/icon_e_wink.gif "Wink")\
\
But, Orbiter, should YACY be really designed to work on such fat
servers? When the power of YACY is the network of many users, YACY
should get the most power when we get it from a lot standard PCs in a
big network (and don\'t forget that more and more Laptops substitute PCs
at home). Or what, when YACY could use the big amount of NAS which users
installed the last years. That are really wide distributed servers!\
\
I read across the forum the last 3 weeks. But what I could find was,
that a big index don\'t need a big HDD. It needs a lot of RAM. Or is
this a wrong cognition? Maybe it is a fast computing solution to have
the index in a Java heap. But users have normally some 100GB HDD space
free but needs the RAM for theirs work. I think that not more than
1/8\...1/4 of RAM should be used in background from such services like
YACY. And when we have a typical PC or Laptop so this is a range of
250MB\...2GByte.\
\
Maybe a special YACY search server can have the full 8\...32GByte to use
only for YACY. But when we need to update a computer to 84GByte to give
the place that YACY can use HDD and LAN performance, \... That is not
the right relation in my opinion.\
\
Best greetings,\
Frank

Statistik: Verfasst von
[fherb](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=9031)
--- Fr Dez 20, 2013 12:19 am

------------------------------------------------------------------------
