En:Debian High Availability
===========================

Date: 2013-01-20 12:00:54

[Add Automated Index Replication: ]{.autocomment}

← Nächstältere Version

Version vom 20. Januar 2013, 11:00 Uhr

(3 dazwischenliegende Versionen von einem Benutzer werden nicht
angezeigt)

Zeile 7:

Zeile 7:

 

<div>

\* add an automatic peer re-start on peer failure

</div>

 

<div>

\* add an automatic peer re-start on peer failure

</div>

 

<div>

\* add automated software update without service downtime

</div>

 

<div>

\* add automated software update without service downtime

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[A picture of this set-up can be found here:]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[http://yacy.net/material/YaCy\_High\_Availability\_Configuration.png]{.underline}

</div>

 

 

 

<div>

===Prepare Debian===

</div>

 

<div>

===Prepare Debian===

</div>

Zeile 20:

Zeile 23:

 

<div>

Then log in into the new account yacyappliance.

</div>

 

<div>

Then log in into the new account yacyappliance.

</div>

 

 

−

<div>

===~~Create the~~ YaCy ~~Application~~===

</div>

\+

<div>

===[Install Redundant]{.underline} YaCy [Applications]{.underline}===

</div>

 

<div>

We could use the official tarball from yacy.net here but to get full
availability of YaCy updates without the dependency on official update
servers we will use a self-generated YaCy update taken from the git
repositoy.

</div>

 

<div>

We could use the official tarball from yacy.net here but to get full
availability of YaCy updates without the dependency on official update
servers we will use a self-generated YaCy update taken from the git
repositoy.

</div>

 

 

Zeile 40:

Zeile 43:

 

<div>

We can now update the peers yacy0 and yacy1 just by overwriting the
current code with new code that we create ourself (don\'t do this now!):

</div>

 

<div>

We can now update the peers yacy0 and yacy1 just by overwriting the
current code with new code that we create ourself (don\'t do this now!):

</div>

 

<div>

  cd \~/yacy\_deploy && git pull origin master && ant clean all dist

</div>

 

<div>

  cd \~/yacy\_deploy && git pull origin master && ant clean all dist

</div>

−

<div>

  cd \~/yacy\_deploy/RELEASE && tar xfz \`ls -1tr \| tail -1\` -C
../../yacy0  \--strip-components=1

</div>

\+

<div>

  cd \~/yacy\_deploy/RELEASE && tar xfz \`ls -1tr \| tail -1\` -C
../../yacy0 [\--strip-components=1]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

  [cd \~/yacy\_deploy/RELEASE && tar xfz \`ls -1tr \| tail -1\` -C
../../yacy1]{.underline} \--strip-components=1

</div>

 

 

 

<div>

Now prepare the peer yacy0 to use the \'allip\' network which will allow
you to index both, intranet and internet addresses without connecting
the YaCy P2P network: edit the file \~/yacy0/defaults/yacy.init and
search the line containing network.unit.definition, set the value of
that property to defaults/yacy.network.allip.unit

</div>

 

<div>

Now prepare the peer yacy0 to use the \'allip\' network which will allow
you to index both, intranet and internet addresses without connecting
the YaCy P2P network: edit the file \~/yacy0/defaults/yacy.init and
search the line containing network.unit.definition, set the value of
that property to defaults/yacy.network.allip.unit

</div>

Zeile 58:

Zeile 62:

 

<div>

We can now start both peers

</div>

 

<div>

We can now start both peers

</div>

 

<div>

  \~/yacy0/startYACY.sh && \~/yacy1/startYACY.sh

</div>

 

<div>

  \~/yacy0/startYACY.sh && \~/yacy1/startYACY.sh

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[===Auto-Start for YaCy===]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[Because the two YaCys are not installed using the debian package
manager, there is no autostart for these applications.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[We will create the autostart manually. Become root and edit the
/etc/rc.local, add the lines]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[su - yacyappliance -c \"nohup /home/yacyappliance/yacy0/startYACY.sh \>
/dev/null &\"]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[su - yacyappliance -c \"nohup /home/yacyappliance/yacy1/startYACY.sh \>
/dev/null &\"]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[This will start the two YaCy on startup of the server. To stop these
Peers correctly, create the file /etc/rc0.d/K01yacyappliance with the
following content:]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\#!/bin/bash]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[case \"\$1\" in]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[  start)]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[    exit 0]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[    ;;]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[  stop)]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[    su - yacyappliance -c
\"/home/yacyappliance/yacy0/stopYACY.sh\"]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[    su - yacyappliance -c
\"/home/yacyappliance/yacy1/stopYACY.sh\"]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[    exit 0]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[    ;;]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[  \*)]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[    exit 1]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[    ;;]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[esac]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[exit 0]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[and set the executable flag of that file]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[chmod 755 /etc/rc0.d/K01yacyappliance]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[Finally do a restart of your server to see if this is working
fine.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[===Fail-Over Access to Redundant YaCy Installations using a Reverse
Proxy===]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[We will use a nginx http server and use it as a reverse proxy with
fail-over as load balancer for the two YaCy that we are running
now.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[Become root, run]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[apt-get install nginx]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[and edit the file /etc/nginx/nginx.conf. Locate the http section and
modify it:]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\* add a comment in front of the \"include
/etc/nginx/sites-enabled/\*;\" line to disable it]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\* add the following at the end of the http section:                   
                                                     ]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[upstream yacyappliance {]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[  ip\_hash;]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[  server  localhost:8090;]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[  server  localhost:8091;]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[}]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[server {]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[  listen 8100;]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[  server\_name yacy-appliance;]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[  location / {]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[  proxy\_pass  http://yacyappliance;]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[  proxy\_redirect off;]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[  proxy\_set\_header  Host            \$host;]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[  proxy\_set\_header  X-Real-IP        \$remote\_addr;]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[  proxy\_set\_header  X-Forwarded-For 
\$proxy\_add\_x\_forwarded\_for;]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[  client\_max\_body\_size      10m;]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[  client\_body\_buffer\_size    128k;]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[  proxy\_connect\_timeout      90;]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[  proxy\_send\_timeout        90;]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[  proxy\_read\_timeout        90;]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[  proxy\_buffer\_size          4k;]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[  proxy\_buffers              4 32k;]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[  proxy\_busy\_buffers\_size    64k;]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[  proxy\_temp\_file\_write\_size 64k;]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[  }]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[  location \\.(jpg\|png\|gif\|jpeg\|css)\$ {]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[  proxy\_buffering on;]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[  proxy\_cache\_valid 200 120m;]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[  expires 864000;]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[  }]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[}]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[This will run nginx at port 8100; if you want to run it at port 80 then
just replace the 8100 with 80.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[Finally run]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[/etc/init.d/nginx restart]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[and open http://{yourhost}:8100 to check that nginx is running and
successfully routes the access from 8100 to either 8090 or
8091.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[You can also stop one of the yacy0 or yacy1 and the search interface at
http://{yourhost}:8100 will still be available.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[===Test Indexing, Replication and Fail-Over Access===]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[We must put some document data to check fail-over after a
replication.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[Open http://{yourhost}:8090/CrawlStartExpert\_p.html and start a web
crawl.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[When the crawl has created some data in the search index, first test
that a search request succeeds at http://{yourhost}:8090/]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[Then call (as user yacyappliance)]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\~/yacy1/bin/indexrestore.sh \`\~/yacy0/bin/indexdump.sh\`]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[This replicates the index from yacy0 to yacy1. You can now open
http://{yourhost}:8091/ and get the same search result as
before.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[During the replication process the index in yacy0 is first unmounted
and during this process the search inteface does not respond on search
requests. At that time the load balancer on http://{yourhost}:8100/
should switch to the second peer. When the dump is done, the index in
the second peer becomes unavailable during reading of the dump and the
load balancer should switch to the first peer again.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[===Add a Heartbeat Check for the YaCy Peers===]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[There is a check-alive script which checks if a YaCy server responds on
the web interface and restarts the application if it does not respond.
This script can be called on a regular basis using a cronjob. As root,
edit /etc/crontab and add the following lines]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[10 \* \* \* \* yacyappliance cd /home/yacyappliance/yacy0/bin &&
./checkalive.sh]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[40 \* \* \* \* yacyappliance cd /home/yacyappliance/yacy1/bin &&
./checkalive.sh]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[This will cause that twice an hour a peer is checked and restarted, if
needed.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[===Automatically do an Index Backup===]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[As user yacyappliance do]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[mkdir \~/indexbackup]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[to create a storage directory for the index backup dumps. Now you can
create a backup with]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[mv \`\~/yacy0/bin/indexdump.sh\` \~/indexbackup/]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[To create such a backup automatically once every day during night-time,
add the following line to /etc/crontab]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[40 3 \* \* \* yacyappliance cd /home/yacyappliance/ && mv
\`yacy0/bin/indexdump.sh\` indexbackup/]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[Then, every night a 3:40h the index is dumped.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[===Add Automated Index Replication===]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[We use the index dump generated in the backup process to feed the index
dump to the replication peer yacy1.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[This is done manually by calling]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\~/yacy1/bin/indexrestore.sh \~/indexbackup/\`ls -1tr \~/indexbackup \|
tail -1\`]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[and automatically using the following entry in
/etc/crontab]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[10 4 \* \* \* yacyappliance cd /home/yacyappliance/ &&
yacy1/bin/indexrestore.sh indexbackup/\`ls -1tr indexbackup \| tail
-1\`]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[which will use the dump created half an hour before.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[===Automatically Update to Latest Code Changes===]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[This optional function will cause that the YaCy Search Appliance will
always be up-to-date. As user yacyappliance do:]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[cd \~/yacy\_deploy]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[git pull \--tags origin master && ant clean all dist && cd
RELEASE]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[../../yacy0/stopYACY.sh && tar xfz \`ls -1tr \| tail -1\` -C
../../yacy0 \--strip-components=1 &&
../../yacy0/startYACY.sh]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[../../yacy1/stopYACY.sh && tar xfz \`ls -1tr \| tail -1\` -C
../../yacy1 \--strip-components=1 &&
../../yacy1/startYACY.sh]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[We can run this also automatically in three steps in the /etc/crontab,
add the following lines:]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[20 4 \* \* \* yacyappliance cd /home/yacyappliance/yacy\_deploy && git
pull \--tags origin master && ant clean all dist]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[40 4 \* \* \* yacyappliance cd /home/yacyappliance/yacy\_deploy/RELEASE
&& ../../yacy0/stopYACY.sh && tar xfz \`ls -1tr \| tail -1\` -C
../../yacy0 \--strip-components=1 &&
../../yacy0/startYACY.sh]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[10 5 \* \* \* yacyappliance cd /home/yacyappliance/yacy\_deploy/RELEASE
&& ../../yacy1/stopYACY.sh && tar xfz \`ls -1tr \| tail -1\` -C
../../yacy1 \--strip-components=1 &&
../../yacy1/startYACY.sh]{.underline}

</div>
