En:Raspberry Pi
===============

Date: 2013-03-06 12:32:01

[Preparation of Raspbian: ]{.autocomment} swappiness

← Nächstältere Version

Version vom 6. März 2013, 11:32 Uhr

Zeile 18:

Zeile 18:

 

<div>

\* Englarge swap space. It is not recommended to use a swap space on SD
cards but java crashes if for any reason more memory is needed than we
thought that is necessary. We will configure YaCy to take up only as
much space so that swapping does not happen. But to protect YaCy from
crashing, we enlarge the swap space:

</div>

 

<div>

\* Englarge swap space. It is not recommended to use a swap space on SD
cards but java crashes if for any reason more memory is needed than we
thought that is necessary. We will configure YaCy to take up only as
much space so that swapping does not happen. But to protect YaCy from
crashing, we enlarge the swap space:

</div>

 

<div>

:\*open the file /etc/dphys-swapfile and replace the \'100\' by i.e.
\'1024\'. This will give you 1GB of swap space. This is available after
a \'sudo dphys-swapfile setup\' or a re-start.

</div>

 

<div>

:\*open the file /etc/dphys-swapfile and replace the \'100\' by i.e.
\'1024\'. This will give you 1GB of swap space. This is available after
a \'sudo dphys-swapfile setup\' or a re-start.

</div>

−

<div>

:\*to protect Raspbian from swapping (while still having the option) we
need a low swappiness value. ~~Open~~ the file /proc/sys/vm/swappiness
and check that this is low. By default, there is a 1, you can replace it
~~by~~ 0.

</div>

\+

<div>

:\*to protect Raspbian from swapping (while still having the option) we
need a low swappiness value. [View]{.underline} the file
/proc/sys/vm/swappiness and check that this is low. By default, there is
a 1, you can replace it [with a]{.underline} 0 [with \"sysctl -w
vm]{.underline}.[swappiness=0\"]{.underline}

</div>

 

<div>

\* Optional/recommended: shrink Raspian with the \[\[En:DebianHeadless
\| Headless Debian\]\] tutorial by removing X11 and all dependencies.
After this, you can also remove the Python Games on the RPi

</div>

 

<div>

\* Optional/recommended: shrink Raspian with the \[\[En:DebianHeadless
\| Headless Debian\]\] tutorial by removing X11 and all dependencies.
After this, you can also remove the Python Games on the RPi

</div>

 

<div>

  rm -Rf \~/python\_games

</div>

 

<div>

  rm -Rf \~/python\_games

</div>
