Dev:Solr
========

Date: 2013-12-02 13:37:26

restructuring

← Nächstältere Version

Version vom 2. Dezember 2013, 12:37 Uhr

Zeile 7:

Zeile 7:

 

<div>

The remote index scheme is similar (but extended) to SolrCell; see
http://wiki.apache.org/solr/ExtractingRequestHandler

</div>

 

<div>

The remote index scheme is similar (but extended) to SolrCell; see
http://wiki.apache.org/solr/ExtractingRequestHandler

</div>

 

<div>

We added some more generic fields, added a second solr core and
therefore we need to use the solr.xml and schema.xml from a YaCy
installation.

</div>

 

<div>

We added some more generic fields, added a second solr core and
therefore we need to use the solr.xml and schema.xml from a YaCy
installation.

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[== Use the deep-embedded Solr in YaCy and an external Solr concurrently
==]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[This is the default setting. The assignment of a remote Solr and also
switching off of the embedded Solr is done in the servlet
/IndexFederated\_p.html.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[The embedded Solr is switched on, if the flag \"Use deep-embedded local
Solr\" is switched on.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[== Use an external Solr or Solr Shards to have a distributed
Solr-backend for a single YaCy ==]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[In the \"Solr URL(s)\" field of the
http://localhost:8090/IndexFederated\_p.html servlet, you can enter
several Solr addresses. If there is more than one Solr assigned, these
are accessed as a \'Shard\'. This will cause that each document is
hashed using the document id and stored only in one of the shards. If a
query to Solr is made, then all shards are queried concurrently and the
results are merged.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[== Concurrent usage of the embedded Solr and an external Solr or Solr
Shard ==]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[It is possible to leave the \"Use deep-embedded local Solr\" flag
switched on while using an external Solr. Then each document is stored
in the local and the remote Solr. If a document is searched, this is
done concurrently in the local and remote Solr as if they are a Solr
Shard.]{.underline}

</div>

 

 

 

<div>

= How to deploy an external Solr for YaCy =

</div>

 

<div>

= How to deploy an external Solr for YaCy =

</div>

Zeile 96:

Zeile 106:

 

<div>

and restart tomcat. You can now access Solr with the url
http://yacyadmin:yacy123\@localhost:8080/solr4yacy/

</div>

 

<div>

and restart tomcat. You can now access Solr with the url
http://yacyadmin:yacy123\@localhost:8080/solr4yacy/

</div>

 

<div>

This is the url which you can set in the \"Use remote Solr server(s)\"
field of the /IndexFederated\_p.html servlet in YaCy. The
account:password encoding in the url is used by YaCy to access the solr
index within tomcat.

</div>

 

<div>

This is the url which you can set in the \"Use remote Solr server(s)\"
field of the /IndexFederated\_p.html servlet in YaCy. The
account:password encoding in the url is used by YaCy to access the solr
index within tomcat.

</div>

−

<div>

</div>

 

−

<div>

~~= Use the deep-embedded Solr in YaCy and an external Solr concurrently
=~~

</div>

 

−

<div>

~~It is possible to leave the \"Use deep-embedded local Solr\" flag
switched on. Then each document is stored in the local and the remote
Solr. If a document is searched, this is done concurrently in the local
and remote Solr as if they are a Solr Shard (see also the next
section).~~

</div>

 

−

<div>

</div>

 

−

<div>

~~= Use Solr Shards to have a distributed Solr-backend for a single YaCy
=~~

</div>

 

−

<div>

~~In the \"Solr URL(s)\" field of the
http://localhost:8090/IndexFederated\_p.html servlet, you can enter
several Solr addresses. If there is more than one Solr assigned, these
are accessed as a \'Shard\'. This will cause that each document is
hashed using the document id and stored only in one of the shards. If a
query to Solr is made, then all shards are queried concurrently and the
results are merged.~~

</div>

 

 

 

 

<div>

= Copy the deeply-embedded Solr Index to an external Solr =

</div>

 

<div>

= Copy the deeply-embedded Solr Index to an external Solr =

</div>
