Dev:APIhello
============

Date: 2013-12-17 22:49:52

restructuring

← Nächstältere Version

Version vom 17. Dezember 2013, 21:49 Uhr

Zeile 2:

Zeile 2:

 

 

 

<div>

/yacy/hello.html is a servlet which returns a property list as result,
not a html page as the name would suggest. The purpose of this servlet
is a handshake between two peers wich ensure doing this that they are
alive and by the way transport some critical information about their
network position and the status of their operation together with some
\'news\', which is (from both sides) a list of recently known or new
peers in the network. Every peer is doing one peer-ping each minute by
calling the \'hello.html\'-servlet of one of the peers in the known list
of peers.

</div>

 

<div>

/yacy/hello.html is a servlet which returns a property list as result,
not a html page as the name would suggest. The purpose of this servlet
is a handshake between two peers wich ensure doing this that they are
alive and by the way transport some critical information about their
network position and the status of their operation together with some
\'news\', which is (from both sides) a list of recently known or new
peers in the network. Every peer is doing one peer-ping each minute by
calling the \'hello.html\'-servlet of one of the peers in the known list
of peers.

</div>

−

<div>

</div>

 

−

<div>

~~=== Properties in the callers http header ===~~

</div>

 

−

<div>

~~The caller must obey the \[\[Dev:APIHttpHeader\|http header
rules\]\].~~

</div>

 

 

 

 

<div>

=== Operations performed when the servlet is called ===

</div>

 

<div>

=== Operations performed when the servlet is called ===

</div>

 

<div>

When a peer is pinged by calling the hello.html servlet the ping\'ed
peer tries to ping the ping-ing peer back by calling the ping-ing peers
\[\[Dev:APIquery\|/yacy/query.html\]\] servlet. If the ping\'ed peer
gets a respond from the ping-ing peer, it assigns the ping-ing peer the
\[\[Dev:PeerType\#senior\|senior\]\] status, otherwise the status is
\[\[Dev:PeerType\#junior\|junior\]\]. After the ping-ing peer gets a
result, it assigns itself the status as reported by the ping process. If
the peer gets no answer at all (i.e. a timeout happens), the peer
assigns itself the \[\[Dev:PeerType\#virgin\|virgin\]\] status.

</div>

 

<div>

When a peer is pinged by calling the hello.html servlet the ping\'ed
peer tries to ping the ping-ing peer back by calling the ping-ing peers
\[\[Dev:APIquery\|/yacy/query.html\]\] servlet. If the ping\'ed peer
gets a respond from the ping-ing peer, it assigns the ping-ing peer the
\[\[Dev:PeerType\#senior\|senior\]\] status, otherwise the status is
\[\[Dev:PeerType\#junior\|junior\]\]. After the ping-ing peer gets a
result, it assigns itself the status as reported by the ping process. If
the peer gets no answer at all (i.e. a timeout happens), the peer
assigns itself the \[\[Dev:PeerType\#virgin\|virgin\]\] status.

</div>

 

 

−

<div>

=== Properties in the ~~callers~~ http post-arguments ===

</div>

\+

<div>

=== Properties in the [http header ===]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[The caller must obey the \[\[Dev:APIHttpHeader\|http header
rules\]\].]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

 

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[=== Properties in the]{.underline} http post-arguments ===

</div>

 

<div>

Calls to the servlet is made using a POST operation. The properties are:

</div>

 

<div>

Calls to the servlet is made using a POST operation. The properties are:

</div>

 

<div>

\* \<code\>seed=\<the \[\[Dev:SimpleCoding\|SimpleCoding\]\] of the own
\[\[Dev:Seed\|Peer Seed\]\]\>\</code\>

</div>

 

<div>

\* \<code\>seed=\<the \[\[Dev:SimpleCoding\|SimpleCoding\]\] of the own
\[\[Dev:Seed\|Peer Seed\]\]\>\</code\>

</div>

 

<div>

\* \<code\>count=\<integer, wanted number of seeds to be
returned\>\</code\>

</div>

 

<div>

\* \<code\>count=\<integer, wanted number of seeds to be
returned\>\</code\>

</div>

 

 

−

<div>

=== Result ~~Properties~~ ===

</div>

\+

<div>

=== Result ===

</div>

 

<div>

The returned document contains a list of property lines. These
properties are:

</div>

 

<div>

The returned document contains a list of property lines. These
properties are:

</div>

 

<div>

\* \<code\>version=\<YaCy version number of responding peer\>\</code\>

</div>

 

<div>

\* \<code\>version=\<YaCy version number of responding peer\>\</code\>

</div>
