Hilfe für Einsteiger und Anwender • Re: New USA User, many questions: interface/memory/crash\...
================================================================================================

Date: 2013-03-29 10:58:38

I perhaps pushed too hard on the poor 32 bit YaCy install. It filled up
the index so full in only a few days with the crawling and indexing that
it became unusable. I found that if I put it in Robinson mode, it is the
only way to keep it from crashing over time. This is not good - in
Robinson it no longer can search for me on the global network, so for an
\"end user\" this case means YaCy is only good for a few days and then
must be shut down. If not, all YaCy can do is serve remote search
requests on a URL/RWI database that will never be updated (stale) and
the local user can only search on the relatively small index stored
locally - not ideal!\
\
I have started a new test on this 32 bit - I have deleted all the data
and index using the web interface Index Administration, and then deleted
/etc/yacy/yacy.conf, so it will re-initialize with only the default
values. It should run in this configuration, and function at a minimum
be able to act as a local/global search portal for the end user. I will
not use it as a web proxy just yet, as I believe any crawling could
bring it to a similar fate of crashing too soon. This would be how a
normal end user might install and use YaCy I would think, so it should
be able to run OK forever in this way - if not, then there is a problem
that needs addressed, some way to keep YaCy in default configuration
from using up all it\'s memory and crashing. I hope it will not fail,
and then I can attribute my tinkering as the cause of it going so bad on
the first try. This long term test will show if YaCy can manage in the
default 600MB heap space, which many users will probably just leave
alone I would guess. It will only restart when the cron job pulls an
update from the repository, otherwise it will run continuous for this
test. I will restart it manually also if/when it crashes and save the
logs for review.\
\
I am still puzzled by this SOLR error that causes even my good 64-bit to
pause the crawler queues at random. It is very infrequent and by the
time I see it, it is usually old news, and the logs are long since wiped
away. These YaCy logs are VERY verbose, and the default 20MB (20 files)
gets over run in a hurry! If I get lucky, I will be \"tail -f\" watching
when it happens someday. Otherwise, this is a most distressing problem
with no easy solution I can find, except manually resume the queues when
I visit the admin web console - much crawling time is lost in this
regard.\
\
The colors are not all listed on the network legend, well not in a easy
to understand way on a few terms. Here is what I mean:\
\
dark green font:senior/principal peers\
light green font:passive peers\
pink font:junior peers\
red point:this peer\
\
I see there is no reference to the color of the actual \"circles\" on
the network graph - no mention of blue anywhere on the legend. Also, it
mentions dark/light green, but I can only see one color green text on
the graph, maybe it is too subtle for me to see. What I see are blue
circles, green circles, and grey circles. It looks like all the grey
ones are lined up with pink font labels, so they must be juniors I
guess. Maybe they are really pink circles, but on the green ring they
look grey\...\
\
Now there are two others, the blue and the bright green circles. The
blue circles I take to mean senior, as most of those are the large ones,
makes some sense. But the green ones, I am not sure. It is too jumbled,
but it looks like they might also be junior too, like the pinks ones. I
can not be sure what these colors mean.
![:?](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/images/smilies/icon_e_confused.gif "Confused")\
\
Last question, how do you keep your RWI and URL index from going old and
stale? I mean some sites one crawl is OK, but others, forum, news, etc.
must be crawled all the time to gather new words and URL - how can this
be done on the entire local index? I can see how to do it with a manual
crawl, but what of the DHT-in entries - how can they be kept fresh?
There must be a way that the index does not keep old entries forever?

Statistik: Verfasst von
[killswitch](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=8892)
--- Fr Mär 29, 2013 10:58 am

------------------------------------------------------------------------
