En:Raspberry Pi
===============

Date: 2013-03-11 23:06:04

[Preparation of Raspbian: ]{.autocomment} remove python

← Nächstältere Version

Version vom 11. März 2013, 22:06 Uhr

Zeile 19:

Zeile 19:

 

<div>

:\*open the file /etc/dphys-swapfile and replace the \'100\' by i.e.
\'1024\'. This will give you 1GB of swap space. This is available after
a \'sudo dphys-swapfile setup\' or a re-start.

</div>

 

<div>

:\*open the file /etc/dphys-swapfile and replace the \'100\' by i.e.
\'1024\'. This will give you 1GB of swap space. This is available after
a \'sudo dphys-swapfile setup\' or a re-start.

</div>

 

<div>

:\*to protect Raspbian from swapping (while still having the option) we
need a low swappiness value. View the file /proc/sys/vm/swappiness and
check that this is low. By default, there is a 1, you can replace it
with a 0 with \"sysctl -w vm.swappiness=0\"

</div>

 

<div>

:\*to protect Raspbian from swapping (while still having the option) we
need a low swappiness value. View the file /proc/sys/vm/swappiness and
check that this is low. By default, there is a 1, you can replace it
with a 0 with \"sysctl -w vm.swappiness=0\"

</div>

−

<div>

\* Optional/recommended: shrink Raspian with the \[\[En:DebianHeadless
\| Headless Debian\]\] tutorial by removing X11 and all dependencies.
After this, you can also remove the Python Games on the RPi

</div>

\+

<div>

\* Optional/recommended: shrink Raspian with the \[\[En:DebianHeadless
\| Headless Debian\]\] tutorial by removing X11 and all dependencies.
After this, you can also remove [python and]{.underline} the Python
Games on the RPi

</div>

 

<div>

  rm -Rf \~/python\_games

</div>

 

<div>

  rm -Rf \~/python\_games

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[sudo apt-get remove \--purge python]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[.. followed by the same deborphan-process as described in
\[\[En:DebianHeadless \| Headless Debian\]\]]{.underline}

</div>

 

<div>

\* Optional/recommended: remove all programming languages that you
don\'t need when running YaCy:

</div>

 

<div>

\* Optional/recommended: remove all programming languages that you
don\'t need when running YaCy:

</div>

 

<div>

  sudo apt-get remove \--purge python python2.6 python2.7 python3
python3.2 perl

</div>

 

<div>

  sudo apt-get remove \--purge python python2.6 python2.7 python3
python3.2 perl

</div>
