Dev:APIseedlist
===============

Date: 2013-12-17 22:40:32

added example and more structure

← Nächstältere Version

Version vom 17. Dezember 2013, 21:40 Uhr

Zeile 1:

Zeile 1:

−

<div>

This is a description of the api at
http://localhost:8090/yacy/seedlist.html AND (it\'s the same) the format
of the YaCy bootstraping-seedlist.

</div>

\+

<div>

This is a description of the api at
http://localhost:8090/yacy/seedlist.html AND (it\'s the same) the format
of the YaCy bootstraping-seedlist. [The seedlist has two
representations: a binary format which is used as bootstraping basis and
a textual format in json(p) representation.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[==Binary Seedlist==]{.underline}

</div>

 

<div>

The seedlist servlet generates a \'seedlist\' file that is used for the
bootstraping process of the YaCy p2p network.

</div>

 

<div>

The seedlist servlet generates a \'seedlist\' file that is used for the
bootstraping process of the YaCy p2p network.

</div>

 

<div>

This file is a list of peer \[\[Dev:Seed\|seed\]\]s in a
\[\[Dev:SimpleCoding\|SimpleCoding\]\] representation of a Seed DNA
property map string.

</div>

 

<div>

This file is a list of peer \[\[Dev:Seed\|seed\]\]s in a
\[\[Dev:SimpleCoding\|SimpleCoding\]\] representation of a Seed DNA
property map string.

</div>

Zeile 11:

Zeile 12:

 

<div>

Where the seedencoding is a \[\[Dev:SimpleCoding\|SimpleCoding\]\] of
seedstring.

</div>

 

<div>

Where the seedencoding is a \[\[Dev:SimpleCoding\|SimpleCoding\]\] of
seedstring.

</div>

 

 

 

\+

<div>

[==Clear-Text Seedlist==]{.underline}

</div>

 

<div>

If you call the seedlist with http://localhost:8090/yacy/seedlist.html
you will not get a html page but a page with encoded seedstrings as
described above. There is an alternative representation of the seed list
using the same api with json encoding. The page
http://localhost:8090/yacy/seedlist.json shows the seed DNA with all the
nucleotides in clear text. The same api is available for a json-p
encoding using the following schema:
http://localhost:8090/yacy/seedlist.json?callback=seedlistobject

</div>

 

<div>

If you call the seedlist with http://localhost:8090/yacy/seedlist.html
you will not get a html page but a page with encoded seedstrings as
described above. There is an alternative representation of the seed list
using the same api with json encoding. The page
http://localhost:8090/yacy/seedlist.json shows the seed DNA with all the
nucleotides in clear text. The same api is available for a json-p
encoding using the following schema:
http://localhost:8090/yacy/seedlist.json?callback=seedlistobject

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[A clear-text seedlist looks like]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[{]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[    \"peers\":\[{]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[        \"Hash\":\"3J\_kC-uVIWrS\",]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[        \"seedURL\":\"http://www.yacy.net/seed.txt\",]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[        \"Version\":\"1.67009304\",]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[        \"NCount\":\"0\",]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[        \"CCount\":\"121.0\",]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[        \"Uptime\":\"21\",]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[        \"LastSeen\":\"20131217213712\",]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[        \"USpeed\":\"0\",]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[        \"sU\":\"319904942\",]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[        \"SCount\":\"119\",]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[        \"IP\":\"92.228.41.20\",]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[        \"LCount\":\"20902347\",]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[        \"sI\":\"32040145\",]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[        \"RCount\":\"0\",]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[        \"ISpeed\":\"0\",]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[        \"Port\":\"8000\",]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[        \"PeerType\":\"senior\",]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[        \"UTC\":\"+0100\",]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[        \"Name\":\"bluebox\",]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[        \"ICount\":\"2586810\",]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[        \"Tags\":\"\*\",]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[        \"rI\":\"776774245\",]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[        \"rU\":\"59172406\",]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[        \"IPType\":\"&empty;\",]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[        \"RSpeed\":\"0.0041598985\",]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[        \"news\":\"\",]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[        \"BDate\":\"20121114224458\",]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[        \"Flags\":\"!  \",]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[        \"Address\":\"92.228.41.20:8000\"]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[    }]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[}]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[This example shows only a single seed entry, the actual seedlist may
contain hundreds of entries.]{.underline}

</div>
