Dev:API
=======

Date: 2013-11-27 00:07:24

← Nächstältere Version

Version vom 26. November 2013, 23:07 Uhr

Zeile 280:

Zeile 280:

 

<div>

= Understanding the YaCy data format =

</div>

 

<div>

= Understanding the YaCy data format =

</div>

 

<div>

As with all REST-based services, things start with an HTTP request to a
YaCy applet. This request contains a query with one or more input
parameters and the server replies with an Atom, RSS, JSON or
HTML-formatted response, suitable for parsing in any XML/JSON-aware
client.

</div>

 

<div>

As with all REST-based services, things start with an HTTP request to a
YaCy applet. This request contains a query with one or more input
parameters and the server replies with an Atom, RSS, JSON or
HTML-formatted response, suitable for parsing in any XML/JSON-aware
client.

</div>

−

<div>

For example the REST method http://localhost:~~8080~~/Network.xml
returns a collection of network information regarding the queried peer.
If used with the optional paramter ?page=1 a list of all active peers is
returned. Depending on the applet called the result is delivered as XML
or JSON.

</div>

\+

<div>

For example the REST method
http://localhost:[8090]{.underline}/Network.xml returns a collection of
network information regarding the queried peer. If used with the
optional paramter ?page=1 a list of all active peers is returned.
Depending on the applet called the result is delivered as XML or JSON.

</div>

 

<div>

The raw XML response to this method (which you can view in the source
code of the resulting page) contains detailed information on these
peers, and might look something like

</div>

 

<div>

The raw XML response to this method (which you can view in the source
code of the resulting page) contains detailed information on these
peers, and might look something like

</div>

 

<div>

\<pre\>

</div>

 

<div>

\<pre\>

</div>

Zeile 347:

Zeile 347:

 

<div>

\<?php

</div>

 

<div>

\<?php

</div>

 

<div>

   // method using native php-curl

</div>

 

<div>

   // method using native php-curl

</div>

−

<div>

   \$YaCyURL=\"http://mypeer.tld:~~8080~~/\";   

</div>

\+

<div>

   \$YaCyURL=\"http://mypeer.tld:[8090]{.underline}/\";   

</div>

 

<div>

   \$cu=\$YaCyURL.\"Status.html\";

</div>

 

<div>

   \$cu=\$YaCyURL.\"Status.html\";

</div>

 

<div>

   \$queryServer = curl\_init(\$cu);     

</div>

 

<div>

   \$queryServer = curl\_init(\$cu);     

</div>

Zeile 439:

Zeile 439:

 

 

 

<div>

   format :xml

</div>

 

<div>

   format :xml

</div>

−

<div>

   base\_uri \'http://localhost:~~8080~~\'

</div>

\+

<div>

   base\_uri \'http://localhost:[8090]{.underline}\'

</div>

 

 

 

<div>

   def self.search(q)

</div>

 

<div>

   def self.search(q)

</div>

Zeile 469:

Zeile 469:

 

 

 

<div>

   format :json

</div>

 

<div>

   format :json

</div>

−

<div>

   base\_uri \'http://localhost:~~8080~~\'

</div>

\+

<div>

   base\_uri \'http://localhost:[8090]{.underline}\'

</div>

 

 

 

<div>

   def self.search(q)

</div>

 

<div>

   def self.search(q)

</div>

Zeile 509:

Zeile 509:

 

<div>

\<title\>dulcedoSearch\</title\>

</div>

 

<div>

\<title\>dulcedoSearch\</title\>

</div>

 

<div>

\<description\>Search for yacy\</description\>

</div>

 

<div>

\<description\>Search for yacy\</description\>

</div>

−

<div>

\<link\>http://localhost:~~8080~~/yacysearch.html?query=yacy&amp;resource=global&amp;contentdom=text&amp;verify=true\</link\>

</div>

\+

<div>

\<link\>http://localhost:[8000]{.underline}/yacysearch.html?query=yacy&amp;resource=global&amp;contentdom=text&amp;verify=true\</link\>

</div>

 

<div>

\<image\>

</div>

 

<div>

\<image\>

</div>

−

<div>

\<url\>http://localhost:~~8080~~/env/grafics/yacy.gif\</url\>

</div>

\+

<div>

\<url\>http://localhost:[8090]{.underline}/env/grafics/yacy.gif\</url\>

</div>

 

<div>

\<title\>Search for yacy\</title\>

</div>

 

<div>

\<title\>Search for yacy\</title\>

</div>

−

<div>

\<link\>http://localhost:~~8080~~/yacysearch.html?query=yacy&amp;resource=global&amp;contentdom=text&amp;verify=true\</link\>

</div>

\+

<div>

\<link\>http://localhost:[8090]{.underline}/yacysearch.html?query=yacy&amp;resource=global&amp;contentdom=text&amp;verify=true\</link\>

</div>

 

<div>

\</image\>

</div>

 

<div>

\</image\>

</div>

 

<div>

\<opensearch:totalResults\>145.650\</opensearch:totalResults\>

</div>

 

<div>

\<opensearch:totalResults\>145.650\</opensearch:totalResults\>

</div>

Zeile 549:

Zeile 549:

 

<div>

\<pre\>

</div>

 

<div>

\<pre\>

</div>

 

<div>

   //open connection to peer     

</div>

 

<div>

   //open connection to peer     

</div>

−

<div>

   \$YaCyURL=\"http://mypeer.tld:~~8080~~/\";   

</div>

\+

<div>

   \$YaCyURL=\"http://mypeer.tld:[8090]{.underline}/\";   

</div>

 

<div>

   \$cu=\$YaCyURL.\"Yacysearch.rss\";

</div>

 

<div>

   \$cu=\$YaCyURL.\"Yacysearch.rss\";

</div>

 

<div>

   \$cu=\$cu.\"?query=yacy\";

</div>

 

<div>

   \$cu=\$cu.\"?query=yacy\";

</div>

Zeile 668:

Zeile 668:

 

<div>

\<?php

</div>

 

<div>

\<?php

</div>

 

<div>

   //open connection to peer     

</div>

 

<div>

   //open connection to peer     

</div>

−

<div>

   \$YaCyURL=\"http://mypeer.tld:~~8080~~/\";   

</div>

\+

<div>

   \$YaCyURL=\"http://mypeer.tld:[8090]{.underline}/\";   

</div>

 

<div>

   \$cu=\$YaCyURL.\"Yacysearch.rss\";

</div>

 

<div>

   \$cu=\$YaCyURL.\"Yacysearch.rss\";

</div>

 

<div>

   \$cu=\$cu.\"?query=yacy\";

</div>

 

<div>

   \$cu=\$cu.\"?query=yacy\";

</div>

Zeile 696:

Zeile 696:

 

<div>

Another example for an enhanced search showing 5 results beginning at 50
for \'yacy\', but limit to PNG-images and prefer results from yacy.net.
Search should be speeded up a bit so \'\'verify\'\' is set \'\'false\'\'
and all peers should be asked so \'resource\' is \'global\'.

</div>

 

<div>

Another example for an enhanced search showing 5 results beginning at 50
for \'yacy\', but limit to PNG-images and prefer results from yacy.net.
Search should be speeded up a bit so \'\'verify\'\' is set \'\'false\'\'
and all peers should be asked so \'resource\' is \'global\'.

</div>

 

<div>

\<pre\>

</div>

 

<div>

\<pre\>

</div>

−

<div>

http://localhost:~~8080~~/yacysearch.rss?query=yacy&contentdom=text&maximumRecords=5&startRecord=50&verify=false&resource=global&urlmaskfilter=png&prefermaskfilter=yacy.net

</div>

\+

<div>

http://localhost:[8090]{.underline}/yacysearch.rss?query=yacy&contentdom=text&maximumRecords=5&startRecord=50&verify=false&resource=global&urlmaskfilter=png&prefermaskfilter=yacy.net

</div>

 

<div>

\</pre\>

</div>

 

<div>

\</pre\>

</div>

 

 

Zeile 702:

Zeile 702:

 

<div>

To intiate functions without awaiting a delivered result, like
pausing/resuming crawls or shutdown the peer, just call the applet as in
the admin-interface.

</div>

 

<div>

To intiate functions without awaiting a delivered result, like
pausing/resuming crawls or shutdown the peer, just call the applet as in
the admin-interface.

</div>

 

<div>

\<pre\>

</div>

 

<div>

\<pre\>

</div>

−

<div>

http://localhost:~~8080~~/Steering.html?restart=  

</div>

\+

<div>

http://localhost:[8090]{.underline}/Steering.html?restart=  

</div>

 

<div>

\</pre\>

</div>

 

<div>

\</pre\>

</div>

 

<div>

will restart the peer after confirming admin credentials if not
delivered with the query via http basic-auth. As the peer doesnt have to
confirm this action nor does it has a need to deliver any data, no data
must be parsed by the client.

</div>

 

<div>

will restart the peer after confirming admin credentials if not
delivered with the query via http basic-auth. As the peer doesnt have to
confirm this action nor does it has a need to deliver any data, no data
must be parsed by the client.

</div>
