Dev:API
=======

Date: 2013-11-26 18:49:44

[Peer-to-Peer Communication: ]{.autocomment} added search api links

← Nächstältere Version

Version vom 26. November 2013, 17:49 Uhr

(Eine dazwischenliegende Version von einem Benutzer wird nicht
angezeigt)

Zeile 9:

Zeile 9:

 

<div>

\* any other servlet which clones the content of a web page but has a
.xml or .json extension. These API servlets are marked within the
administratin interface with an orange \'API\' icon in the top right
corner of the administration web page

</div>

 

<div>

\* any other servlet which clones the content of a web page but has a
.xml or .json extension. These API servlets are marked within the
administratin interface with an orange \'API\' icon in the top right
corner of the administration web page

</div>

 

<div>

\* the solr search servlet at /solr/select of the embedded Solr search
server which provides exactly the same functionality like the original
Solr as described in the
\[http://wiki.apache.org/solr/CommonQueryParameters Solr wiki for
queries\].

</div>

 

<div>

\* the solr search servlet at /solr/select of the embedded Solr search
server which provides exactly the same functionality like the original
Solr as described in the
\[http://wiki.apache.org/solr/CommonQueryParameters Solr wiki for
queries\].

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[==Search Interface==]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[{\| style=\"color:black; background-color:\#efefef;\"
cellpadding=\"12\" cellspacing=\"0\" border=\"0\"]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\|]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[; /]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\|]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\|-]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\|]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[:\[\[Dev:APIyacysearch\|/yacysearch.rss and
/yacysearch.json\]\]]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\|YaCy search page returning xml (opensearch) or json
results]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\|-]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\|]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[; /solr]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\|]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\|-]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\|]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[:\[\[Dev:APISolrSelect\|/solr/select\]\]]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\|The (original) Solr search api embedded into YaCy]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\|-]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\|]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[; /gsa]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\|]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\|-]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\|]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[:\[\[Dev:APIGSAsearchresult\|/gsa/searchresult\]\]]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\|The (re-implemented) Google Search Appliance API embedded into
YaCy]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\|-]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\|}]{.underline}

</div>

 

 

 

<div>

==Peer-to-Peer Communication==

</div>

 

<div>

==Peer-to-Peer Communication==

</div>

Zeile 174:

Zeile 204:

 

 

 

 

−

<div>

==HTML~~-to-XML/JSON for local peer information~~==

</div>

\+

<div>

==HTML [Servlets]{.underline}==

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[These servlets are used for online administration of a YaCy peer but
they can also be used for a remote steering by just calling the http
interface with i.e. wget or curl.]{.underline}

</div>

 

 

 

<div>

{\| style=\"color:black; background-color:\#efefef;\" cellpadding=\"12\"
cellspacing=\"0\" border=\"0\"

</div>

 

<div>

{\| style=\"color:black; background-color:\#efefef;\" cellpadding=\"12\"
cellspacing=\"0\" border=\"0\"

</div>

Zeile 188:

Zeile 219:

 

<div>

:\[\[Dev:APIBlog\|/Blog.xml\]\]

</div>

 

<div>

:\[\[Dev:APIBlog\|/Blog.xml\]\]

</div>

 

<div>

\|YaCy blog

</div>

 

<div>

\|YaCy blog

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\|-]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\|]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[:\[\[Dev:APICrawlProfileEditor\|/Crawler\_p.html\]\]]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\|start a web crawl]{.underline}

</div>

 

<div>

\|-

</div>

 

<div>

\|-

</div>

 

<div>

\|

</div>

 

<div>

\|

</div>

Zeile 240:

Zeile 275:

 

<div>

:\[\[Dev:APIViewProfile\|/ViewProfile.xml\]\]

</div>

 

<div>

:\[\[Dev:APIViewProfile\|/ViewProfile.xml\]\]

</div>

 

<div>

\|view peer profile

</div>

 

<div>

\|view peer profile

</div>

−

<div>

~~\|-~~

</div>

 

−

<div>

~~\|~~

</div>

 

−

<div>

~~:\[\[Dev:APIyacysearch\|/yacysearch.rss/json\]\]~~

</div>

 

−

<div>

~~\|YaCy search returning xml or json results~~

</div>

 

 

<div>

\|-

</div>

 

<div>

\|-

</div>

 

<div>

\|}

</div>

 

<div>

\|}

</div>
