En:Ranking
==========

Date: 2014-06-25 23:08:21

filter query update

← Nächstältere Version

Version vom 25. Juni 2014, 21:08 Uhr

Zeile 1:

Zeile 1:

−

<div>

=~~=Define ranking rules in YaCy=~~=

</div>

\+

<div>

=[Definition of Ranking Rules]{.underline}=

</div>

 

 

 

<div>

\[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ranking Ranking\] is the technical
instance of \[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Relevance relevance\], which
is \'what the user thinks is important\'. Since almost every user has a
different opinion about such \'relevance\' it should be possible to
define a personal ranking for a personal relevance. Also in different
search environments the ranking should change, i.e. within a site-only
search the user expects more in-depth results in contrast to popular
documents in unlimited internet search.

</div>

 

<div>

\[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ranking Ranking\] is the technical
instance of \[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Relevance relevance\], which
is \'what the user thinks is important\'. Since almost every user has a
different opinion about such \'relevance\' it should be possible to
define a personal ranking for a personal relevance. Also in different
search environments the ranking should change, i.e. within a site-only
search the user expects more in-depth results in contrast to popular
documents in unlimited internet search.

</div>

Zeile 7:

Zeile 7:

 

<div>

For a distributed search in YaCy there is a special challenge: some
results from other peers may be returned without this rich set of
attributes. They return a so-called Reverse Word Index References
containing a small set of attributes. To combine search results from
other peers, they must be ranked using this subset of attributes. We
call that process \'post-ranking\'. The configuration interface for this
is in http://localhost:8090/RankingRWI\_p.html. If you use YaCy for a
portal search or intranet search without p2p mode, then you don\'t need
to care about it.

</div>

 

<div>

For a distributed search in YaCy there is a special challenge: some
results from other peers may be returned without this rich set of
attributes. They return a so-called Reverse Word Index References
containing a small set of attributes. To combine search results from
other peers, they must be ranked using this subset of attributes. We
call that process \'post-ranking\'. The configuration interface for this
is in http://localhost:8090/RankingRWI\_p.html. If you use YaCy for a
portal search or intranet search without p2p mode, then you don\'t need
to care about it.

</div>

 

 

−

<div>

~~=~~==Solr Ranking in /RankingSolr\_p.html~~=~~==

</div>

\+

<div>

==Solr Ranking in /RankingSolr\_p.html==

</div>

 

<div>

The default ranking in Solr is done using \'boosts\' on search fields.
You can define which fields in the index Schema can be searched when you
submit a search and how strong they are boosted on every field using the
\"Solr Boosts\" section within /RankingSolr\_p.html. If you would like
to have search results, which have matches with your search word in a
specific field higher, then increase the boost value for that specific
field. Each field will produce a ranking value and the resulting ranking
score will be the sum of these boosted fields multiplied with a norming
factor which is the inverse of the square root of the sum of squared
weights.

</div>

 

<div>

The default ranking in Solr is done using \'boosts\' on search fields.
You can define which fields in the index Schema can be searched when you
submit a search and how strong they are boosted on every field using the
\"Solr Boosts\" section within /RankingSolr\_p.html. If you would like
to have search results, which have matches with your search word in a
specific field higher, then increase the boost value for that specific
field. Each field will produce a ranking value and the resulting ranking
score will be the sum of these boosted fields multiplied with a norming
factor which is the inverse of the square root of the sum of squared
weights.

</div>

 

 

 

<div>

The boosted field ranking is just a formula for the relevancy of the
search hit regarding the text content and construction of the document,
but not for the topology of the document within the searched document
set. To influence the ranking your can use Boost Queries and Boost
Functions.

</div>

 

<div>

The boosted field ranking is just a formula for the relevancy of the
search hit regarding the text content and construction of the document,
but not for the topology of the document within the searched document
set. To influence the ranking your can use Boost Queries and Boost
Functions.

</div>

 

 

−

<div>

~~A~~ Boost ~~Query is a query that is attached to the other queries
that YaCy calculates from the boost field configuration. It can be
considered as a default, fixed add-on to a search. The purpose is, to
boost specific attributes within the index schema. By default, we set
this to~~

</div>

\+

<div>

[===]{.underline}Boost [Function===]{.underline}

</div>

−

<div>

~~fuzzy\_signature\_unique\_b:true\^100000.0~~

</div>

\+

<div>

</div>

−

<div>

~~Which boost a field which assignes that a document is unique. This
moves double content to the back. You can use this like a default filter
for your documents which move forward or backward in the result list
independently from the searched word.~~

</div>

\+

<div>

</div>

−

<div>

 

</div>

\+

<div>

</div>

 

<div>

A Boost Function is a formula which evaluates attributes which are not
search fields. You can use this i.e. to evaluate the date fields (for a
date ordering) or to move documents with a lower clickdepth to the
front. Example formulars are:

</div>

 

<div>

A Boost Function is a formula which evaluates attributes which are not
search fields. You can use this i.e. to evaluate the date fields (for a
date ordering) or to move documents with a lower clickdepth to the
front. Example formulars are:

</div>

 

<div>

  recip(ms(NOW,last\_modified),3.16e-11,1,1)

</div>

 

<div>

  recip(ms(NOW,last\_modified),3.16e-11,1,1)

</div>

Zeile 22:

Zeile 19:

 

<div>

to consider documents with many external references as more important
but also count the clickdepth. Just try to do your own experiments using
the attributes from the index schema.  

</div>

 

<div>

to consider documents with many external references as more important
but also count the clickdepth. Just try to do your own experiments using
the attributes from the index schema.  

</div>

 

 

−

<div>

===RWI (post-) Ranking in /RankingRWI\_p.html~~=~~==

</div>

\+

<div>

=[==Boost Query===]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[A Boost Query is a query that is attached to the other queries that
YaCy calculates from the boost field configuration. It can be considered
as a default, fixed add-on to a search. The purpose is, to boost
specific attributes within the index schema. By default, we set this
to]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[fuzzy\_signature\_unique\_b:true\^100000.0]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[Which boost a field which assignes that a document is unique. This
moves double content to the back. You can use this like a default filter
for your documents which move forward or backward in the result list
independently from the searched word.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

 

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[===Filter Query===]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[This is not actually a ranking mechanism, but certain use cases require
that search results shall be \'boosted\' to the end of the search result
list (i.e. by boosting the reverse to the front) or should be removed
completely from the results. To do so, a filter query can be assigned in
this field to filter out unwanted results. The content of the field is a
search term which must match with all wanted results. An example is the
removal of all \'double\' documents as flagged with the attributes 
http\_unique\_b and/or www\_unique\_b. If you do not want http documents
if the same url with https is present and if you want to remove all
documents without leading \'www.\' if one with \'www.\' is present,
enter the following term:]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[http\_unique\_b=true AND www\_unique\_b=true]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[It is also possible to remove all documents with special words in the
text part, i.e. if you want to remove all documents containing the word
\'foo\', use the following term:]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[-text\_t:foo]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

 

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[===Solr Boosts===]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[Here you can find a list of all searchable text fields. Only such
fields are actually used in a document search which are filled with a
boost \> 0 (empty boost fields mean boost = 0). The higher the boost
value, the more relevant is the search field.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

 

</div>

 

\+

<div>

 

</div>

 

\+

<div>

==RWI (post-) Ranking in /RankingRWI\_p.html==

</div>
