En:Requirements
===============

Date: 2014-10-09 03:41:34

← Nächstältere Version

Version vom 9. Oktober 2014, 01:41 Uhr

Zeile 7:

Zeile 7:

 

<div>

Java can be downloaded and used for free. If there is no Java
environment on your system yet, you must install it before installing
YaCy. GNU/Linux distributions may include, e.g. a free one called
\[http://openjdk.java.net/install/ OpenJDK\]. Otherwise, Java is
available from the \[http://java.com/en/download/index.jsp Sun
website\]. The minimum Java version you need for YaCy is Java 7 ---
which might change in the future.

</div>

 

<div>

Java can be downloaded and used for free. If there is no Java
environment on your system yet, you must install it before installing
YaCy. GNU/Linux distributions may include, e.g. a free one called
\[http://openjdk.java.net/install/ OpenJDK\]. Otherwise, Java is
available from the \[http://java.com/en/download/index.jsp Sun
website\]. The minimum Java version you need for YaCy is Java 7 ---
which might change in the future.

</div>

 

 

−

<div>

Because of this --- and the fact that the newer Java version is more
powerful than the old one --- you should chose Java ~~6~~ right from the
start. If the only thing you want to do is just run Java programs you
can make do with the \[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JRE JRE (Java
Runtime Environment)\].

</div>

\+

<div>

Because of this --- and the fact that the newer Java version is more
powerful than the old one --- you should chose Java [7]{.underline}
right from the start. If the only thing you want to do is just run Java
programs you can make do with the \[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JRE JRE
(Java Runtime Environment)\].

</div>

 

<div>

If you want to develop Java programs or even help making YaCy better,
you will need the \[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JDK JDK Java
Development Kit\].

</div>

 

<div>

If you want to develop Java programs or even help making YaCy better,
you will need the \[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JDK JDK Java
Development Kit\].

</div>

 

 
