Benutzer Diskussion:Ada898
==========================

Date: 2014-01-16 09:54:34

Die Seite wurde neu angelegt: â€ž\<P\>This strategy makes the Audemars
Piguet brand known abroad but hard to find, of course, this is precisely
the brand owners want. Schwarzenegger is not just ..."

**Neue Seite**

<div>

\<P\>This strategy makes the Audemars Piguet brand known abroad but hard
to find, of course, this is precisely the brand owners want.
Schwarzenegger is not just in the movies wear a Audemars Piguet T3
chronograph, in fact, he himself is the \[http://www.typo3-koeln.com
replica rolex\] Audemars Piguet loyal followers, he has a collection of
24 valuable Audemars Piguet, and both is exclusively made to order.
Similarly, other collectors almost queuing new Audemars Piguet top.
Schwarzenegger respected T3 chronograph just Audemars Piguet Royal Oak
watch in a high-level sport. Audemars Piguet this way, a prestigious
series, which launched back in 1972, and from 25 years of operation can
be seen, creating a classic mechanical watch series column, you need
more than just superb technology, but need a cultural, artistic and
commercial operation; Or it can be like to show an image of the product
contains traditional culture, and how to maintain their standing in the
forefront of fashion. Audemars Piguet Royal Oak\'s design was inspired
by such a beautiful story: British King Charles II in exile on the
\[http://www.typo3-koeln.com replica rolex watches\] road, to avoid the
pursuit was hiding in a hollow oak, and later he rallied to become
famous in the history of the kings of England a. Two hundred years
later, the British Navy to three warships named \"Royal Oak\",
\[http://www.typo3-koeln.com replica watch\] warships octagonal windows.
Designer on the basis of this octagonal windows, launch a unique
octagonal bezel and exposed screws design, breaking the rules of the
surface of the watch industry for many years and all operational parts
are hidden unwritten tradition, became legendary moment. It is also the
world\'s first high-level steel luxury sports watch and the first diving
watch.

</div>
