Benutzer Diskussion:Christinapell1231
=====================================

Date: 2014-05-04 22:34:57

It is the earnest desire of everyman and woman to look beautiful

**Neue Seite**

<div>

Yeah I\'ve written that I\'ve read that and you could fill in the name
of just about any rich country because they\'re all struggling with the
costs have universal health care and they\'re all having problems it\'s
not perfect in any country I so but as I said they all managed to cover
everybody and spend less than we do I and there a lotto ways to do it as
I said it\'s not all government-run single-payer doesn\'t have to be big
government nanny state to get this done I am if you do say that the
destination that the goal of the health care system ought to be
universal coverage at reasonable costs that I would say think that\'s
the goal they\'re just turn out to be a lotto routes to that destination
which I set forth in my \[http://www.purecambogiaultrafacts.org/ PURE
CAMBOGIA ULTRA\] book I am but you know along the way when I was trying
to figure out how did they do this I realized there was another question
that just as important and that is why do they do it why would country
make the commitment to provide health care for everybody who needs and
if you think about that one for about two minutes it poses a third
question why doesn\'t the world\'s richest country provide health care
for everybody who needs it why hasn\'t the United States of America ever
made this commitment so here\'s a man to do today since these guys are
so strict about their time limit rather than dig into the details in the
house I\'m going to just quickly run through the wise why what a country
make this determination and then world leave a lot of time for questions
I hope I\'m so why would a country make a commitment it\'s a moral
commitment.

</div>
