Benutzer Diskussion:Jin
=======================

Date: 2014-05-06 00:44:08

employer-sponsored health care program

**Neue Seite**

<div>

Out for a second and just talk about the core problem the core problem
is that health insurance costs too much it\'s going up at a rate that\'s
crazy crazy and at most workers if your broker don't don't like health
care reform because that I\'m perfect squeezes your compensation and
uh\... and if you disagree with the political viewpoint of how the
printing dot well regardless look at how fast help insure expenses are
growing in nineteen ninety nine the phenol employer-sponsored health
insurance premium the average with two
\[url=http://somatodrolbrazil.com/\]Somatodrol\[/url\] thousand one and
expect today it\'s five thousand four hundred twenty nine dollars at
almost a three-time increase over arrived at the last twelve years wages
are going that much up that Santiago Americans are going up at most and
they can\'t afford this increase so they have they have to cut benefits
where they\'ve been doing for the premi√®re they\'ve been shifting all
these cost tithe employees Saudi degrees there earlier they\'re keeping
the cost of the employees and today we\'re almost at that minimum
contribution level what that did the most but they can afford but what
the import what the insurance company is going to take a that doesn\'t
need an interns hip is required therefore going to Kathleen so
regardless of health care reform an employer employers are going to drop
health insurance eventually at the current rate help insurance corps. on
the import of data start going down compartment but it doesn\'t look
like that's going to happen in the past the key thing to remember with
any employer-sponsored health care program whether it\'s help insurance
or eight sorry.

</div>
