Benutzer:Sophiaava
==================

Date: 2014-04-18 07:44:34

to advise public health parties on how-to manage the situation advise
individual pediatricians and family physicians

**Neue Seite**

<div>

And your but it\'s instructive case none the lasso \[\[Garcinia Cambogia
Infusion http://garciniacambogiainfusionfacts.com/\|Garcinia Cambogia
Infusion\]\] this building on at some point you in the nineties and
before was used to manufacture thermometers Mercury that business closed
down the building was never cleaned up mom and then in the early 2000\'s
the building was purchased in alternately a child care center omega that
was called you can\'t probably read it called City College spell book K
and maybe gives you some reason for pause if why anybody would send your
kid to child care center where they can\'t spell have to check to ensure
I\'ll me so kidney in here for child care in the early nineties and then
a few years waiters somebody somehow we love this is really very clear
notified the New Jersey Department of the Environment about what this
old building had actually been used for and when they went in and
measured the amount of mercury in the air in this building it was very
high when they measure the amount of mercury in the urine OK most of
these children it was hi although thankfully most forth kids did not
have any symptoms related shoe that mercury exposure thankfully the day
care center was shutdown the building was cleaned up and what so not
pediatric environmental ha special unit did was to advise public health
parties on how-to manage the situation advise individual pediatricians
and family physicians about the management of the individual children
arm and cue work arm with he\'s pop agencies and public meeting in shape
developing messaging shoe.\
http://garciniacambogiainfusionfacts.com/

</div>
