En:Requirements
===============

Date: 2014-05-28 18:24:21

[System Requirements: ]{.autocomment} Java 7

← Nächstältere Version

Version vom 28. Mai 2014, 16:24 Uhr

Zeile 5:

Zeile 5:

 

<div>

YaCy has been written in the
\[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java\_(programming\_language) Java\]
programming language, which means that it is available for a great
number of computer systems, as Java is available for almost all systems
in use. An outstanding feature of Java programs is the fact that they
can be run on different systems without any modification.

</div>

 

<div>

YaCy has been written in the
\[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java\_(programming\_language) Java\]
programming language, which means that it is available for a great
number of computer systems, as Java is available for almost all systems
in use. An outstanding feature of Java programs is the fact that they
can be run on different systems without any modification.

</div>

 

 

−

<div>

Java can be downloaded and used for free. If there is no Java
environment on your system yet, you must install it before installing
YaCy. GNU/Linux distributions may include, e.g. a free one called
\[http://openjdk.java.net/install/ OpenJDK\]. Otherwise, Java is
available from the \[http://java.com/en/download/index.jsp Sun
website\]~~. The recent version is Java 6~~. The minimum Java version
you need for YaCy is Java ~~5 (also known as 1.5)~~ --- which might
change in the future.

</div>

\+

<div>

Java can be downloaded and used for free. If there is no Java
environment on your system yet, you must install it before installing
YaCy. GNU/Linux distributions may include, e.g. a free one called
\[http://openjdk.java.net/install/ OpenJDK\]. Otherwise, Java is
available from the \[http://java.com/en/download/index.jsp Sun
website\]. The minimum Java version you need for YaCy is Java
[7]{.underline} --- which might change in the future.

</div>

 

 

 

<div>

Because of this --- and the fact that the newer Java version is more
powerful than the old one --- you should chose Java 6 right from the
start. If the only thing you want to do is just run Java programs you
can make do with the \[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JRE JRE (Java
Runtime Environment)\].

</div>

 

<div>

Because of this --- and the fact that the newer Java version is more
powerful than the old one --- you should chose Java 6 right from the
start. If the only thing you want to do is just run Java programs you
can make do with the \[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JRE JRE (Java
Runtime Environment)\].

</div>
