Benutzer:Samanicute
===================

Date: 2014-04-09 09:07:22

look at the whole spectrum of disease and the other thing is that we're
involved in prevention neither

**Neue Seite**

<div>

To me the students are in fact when I get \[\[Garcinium
http://slimdietfacts.com/\|Garcinium\]\] total to any group I mail from
say that I three main sources in medical research there are clinical
studies that is the study of patience who by definition have the disease
and most patients studied in clinical research have advanced disease are
complicated disease very valuable and the outcome is to ghetto to
develop better methods of treatment members Lamar a free research and
that is where mechanisms of disease are studied and abettor
understanding of the disease process is sort and of course other
prospects have a party workers improving prognosis now predicting heart
disease is going Togo one improving diagnosis of the disease butte third
method of research this clinical research love art research and there\'s
epidemiology the truth I hold that there\'s no element of truth in that
I say that to just to irritate my colleagues but they know I\'m just
goading them but there\'s no element of truth in that in that the
epidemiologist seeks to look at the whole spectrum of disease from re
symptomatic that is early disease that hasn\'t yet been discovered
patient has been presented to a doctor has not had any tests but we see
people in that state we dote test may say you\'ve got very early disease
and we follow through to advanced disease and sadly to death so we look
at the whole spectrum of disease and the other thing is that we're
involved in prevention neither a politician opposition once said that
the trouble in this country is we have a national sickness service we
don\'t have national health service very little.\
http://slimdietfacts.com/

</div>
