Fragen und Antworten â€¢ Re: YaCy in BOINC environment
====================================================

Date: 2014-01-12 23:50:11

BOINC haven\'t storage limitations itself but as BOINC project
maintainer I would like to keep users save from unexpected computers
behaviour (e.g. fill system drive with only YaCy data). Also because
YaCy isn\'t simple application and need to be installed I found that
simplest way is to provide Virtualbox machine with YaCy preinstalled and
with space limit (5GB in this example, but of course I\'m opened for
discussion).\
There is two main problems IMHO:\
1. Opening 8090 (or other) port in network - also, some users can setup
few computers in their network, so YaCy should find other instances in
local network. UPNP doesn\'t work in my home network, so I found this
service as unreliable. Possible solution will be make YaCy independent
from port forwarding and truly P2P - but I don\'t have knowledge how to
do this.\
2. Reliability and stability. Unfortunately, on virtual machine created
by me, YaCy not always start correctly\... Is any chance that YaCy
developers will try to play with Virtualbox to create reliable YaCy
server?\
\
Keep in mind, that in this circumstances we not require any front or
back-end for it - all parameters can be hard coded in virtual machine or
(better) will be downloaded from our (my) server and YaCy will be
prepared only as remote crawler. I hope this can simplify developers
work\...

Statistik: Verfasst von
[krzyszp](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=9341)
--- So Jan 12, 2014 11:50 pm

------------------------------------------------------------------------
