Dev:SolrCloud
=============

Date: 2014-01-12 17:42:53

[Create Tomcat Configuration of Solr Web Services: ]{.autocomment} added
genericCoreNodeNames

← Nächstältere Version

Version vom 12. Januar 2014, 16:42 Uhr

(Eine dazwischenliegende Version von einem Benutzer wird nicht
angezeigt)

Zeile 88:

Zeile 88:

 

 

 

<div>

==== Create Solr Configuration of Solr Cores for YaCy Inside Zookeeper
====

</div>

 

<div>

==== Create Solr Configuration of Solr Cores for YaCy Inside Zookeeper
====

</div>

−

<div>

~~We need a storage place for the YaCy index data, generated by Solr and
a location to fabricate a default index schema for Solr. This shall be
placed in /var/opt/solrcloud/:~~

</div>

 

−

<div>

~~mkdir /var/opt/solrcloud/~~

</div>

 

 

<div>

For a detailed description of the set-up of Solr Clusters and a
SolrCloud configuration, see the
\[\[http://wiki.apache.org/solr/SolrCloud SolrCloud Wiki of
apache.org\]\], the \[\[http://wiki.apache.org/solr/SolrCloudTomcat
SolrCloud Installation in Tomcat\]\], a
\[\[http://systemsarchitect.net/painless-guide-to-solr-cloud-configuration/
Guide to SolrCloud Configuration\]\] and a
\[\[http://myjeeva.com/solrcloud-cluster-single-collection-deployment.html
SolrCloud Cluster (Single Collection) Deployment\]\].

</div>

 

<div>

For a detailed description of the set-up of Solr Clusters and a
SolrCloud configuration, see the
\[\[http://wiki.apache.org/solr/SolrCloud SolrCloud Wiki of
apache.org\]\], the \[\[http://wiki.apache.org/solr/SolrCloudTomcat
SolrCloud Installation in Tomcat\]\], a
\[\[http://systemsarchitect.net/painless-guide-to-solr-cloud-configuration/
Guide to SolrCloud Configuration\]\] and a
\[\[http://myjeeva.com/solrcloud-cluster-single-collection-deployment.html
SolrCloud Cluster (Single Collection) Deployment\]\].

</div>

 

<div>

To upload the solr configuration in Zookeeper, we use the solr config
directory from YaCy as a generic index configuration including a generic
schema.xml:

</div>

 

<div>

To upload the solr configuration in Zookeeper, we use the solr config
directory from YaCy as a generic index configuration including a generic
schema.xml:

</div>

Zeile 101:

Zeile 99:

 

 

 

<div>

==== Create Tomcat Configuration of Solr Web Services ====

</div>

 

<div>

==== Create Tomcat Configuration of Solr Web Services ====

</div>

−

<div>

We want to use four Solr servers as a SolrCloud, each with two cores
(\'collection1\' and \'webgraph\'). We create subdirectories for the
servers inside of /var/~~lib~~/~~tomcat6~~/~~yacyindex~~:

</div>

\+

<div>

We want to use four Solr servers as a SolrCloud, each with two cores
(\'collection1\' and \'webgraph\'). We create subdirectories for the
servers inside of /var/[opt]{.underline}/[solrcloud]{.underline}/:

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[mkdir /var/opt/solrcloud/]{.underline}

</div>

 

<div>

  mkdir /var/opt/solrcloud/solr0

</div>

 

<div>

  mkdir /var/opt/solrcloud/solr0

</div>

 

<div>

  mkdir /var/opt/solrcloud/solr1

</div>

 

<div>

  mkdir /var/opt/solrcloud/solr1

</div>

Zeile 114:

Zeile 113:

 

<div>

     \<str name=\"hostContext\"\>solr0\</str\>

</div>

 

<div>

     \<str name=\"hostContext\"\>solr0\</str\>

</div>

 

<div>

     \<str name=\"zkHost\"\>localhost:2181\</str\>

</div>

 

<div>

     \<str name=\"zkHost\"\>localhost:2181\</str\>

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[    \<str
name=\"genericCoreNodeNames\"\>\${genericCoreNodeNames:true}\</str\>]{.underline}

</div>

 

<div>

   \</solrcloud\>

</div>

 

<div>

   \</solrcloud\>

</div>

 

<div>

   \<shardHandlerFactory name=\"shardHandlerFactory\"
class=\"HttpShardHandlerFactory\"\>

</div>

 

<div>

   \<shardHandlerFactory name=\"shardHandlerFactory\"
class=\"HttpShardHandlerFactory\"\>

</div>
