Lucy
====

Date: 2014-07-28 10:48:05

Holy crap, *Lucy* is the best movie I\'ve seen this year!

This movie is a Singularitarian *Limitless* with a protagonist who
[isn\'t a moron](http://www.jwz.org/blog/2012/04/recent-movies-10/).

Science fiction \-- I am a fan. And if you\'ve ever heard me sneer at a
movie, I\'ve probably said some variant of ***\"bad science, worse
fiction\"***, because most self-professed \"science fiction\" movies and
TV are actually *fantasy with lasers*.

In *fantasy*, the answer to the question of \"why is this possible\" is
\"because the [plot demands it](http://www.jwz.org/blog/2014/07/wat/)\".

In *science fiction*, the answer to that question is \"because that\'s
the logical consequence of the *\'what if\'* we proposed in the opening
scene.\"

Without giving too many spoilers, this movie is really solid. But I have
some script notes\...

Basically everything that Morgan Freeman\'s character says makes me want
to punch myself in the face. The whole \"10% of your brain\" thing has
been discredited for decades, and if you hear someone trot it out then
they\'re probably the kind of person who gets their evidence from [I
Fucking Love
Science](http://www.jwz.org/blog/2014/05/go-fuck-yourself-i-fucking-love-science/)
or other sources of [GIF factoids about astrology woo
energy](https://www.facebook.com/InspirationalWooEnergy).

But! He\'s just some schmuck in a movie! Not a reliable narrator. I can
tolerate him as some character who\'s just wrong about what\'s
happening. That\'s fine. But seriously though, throw me a bone? I think
that whoever actually *wrote* the first draft of this thing was of My
People, and really, if Lucy had hung a goddamned lantern on it, and
thrown out even a single line like, \"It\'s pheromones, nanties, and
designer retroviruses, ok? You wouldn\'t understand\" it would have\...
really pulled that room together.

But in any script, the ending is where it\'s your game to lose. And
about 15 minutes from the end, I kept saying to myself, \"Do the 2001
ending, do the 2001 ending.\"

I\'ll just say that I found the ending satisfying \-- as satisfying as
in
[*Her*](http://www.jwz.org/blog/2014/06/recent-movies-singularity-edition/).

Also, stylistically speaking \-- 10 minutes in, I turned to my friend
and asked, *\"Wait, is this a Luc Besson movie?\"* Because I had
forgotten that it\'s a Luc Besson movie. But yeah, it [hits those
signature notes](http://www.jwz.org/blog/2012/04/everyone/).
