The awful thing about getting it right the first time is that nobody realizes how hard it was.
==============================================================================================

Date: 2014-04-27 20:17:58

[![](http://www.jwz.org/images/theclapgy0wl5.gif)Ubuntu security problem
in the lock
screen](https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/unity/+bug/1308572)

> I am running Ubuntu 14.04 with all the packages updated. When the
> screen is locked with password, if I hold ENTER after some seconds the
> screen freezes and the lock screen crashes. After that I have the
> computer fully unlocked.

You\'re using gnome-screensaver? Do you want ants? Because that\'s how
you get ants.

[***I told you so,*** 2004
edition](http://www.jwz.org/xscreensaver/toolkits.html).

[***I told you so,*** 2005
edition.](http://www.jwz.org/xscreensaver/man1.html#8)

[Previously](http://www.jwz.org/blog/2011/10/has-gnome-3-decided-that-people-shouldnt-want-screen-savers/),
[previously](http://www.jwz.org/blog/2005/02/siren-song-of-the-aquatic-gnome-menace/),
[previously](http://www.jwz.org/blog/2003/02/the-cadt-model/).

\
**Update:**

I\'ve seen a few comments elsewhere about this saying things like, \"So
what, it was a bug, they\'ve fixed it.\" That\'s really missing the
point. The point is not that such a bug existed, but that such a bug was
even *possible.* The real bug here is that the design of the system even
permits this *class* of bug. It is unconscionable that someone designing
a critical piece of security infrastructure would design the system in
such a way that it does not **fail *safe.***

Especially when I have given them 2+ decades of prior art demonstrating
how to do it right, *and* a decade-old document clearly explaining What
Not To Do that coincidentally used *this very bug* as it\'s illustrative
strawman!

You must be *this tall* to work on security infrastructure. If you
don\'t think this bug was a shameful embarrassment of *design* \-- as
opposed to merely bad code \-- then please get out of the software
industry.
