XScreenSaver 5.30
=================

Date: 2014-09-11 07:21:29

![](http://www.jwz.org/xscreensaver/screenshots/winduprobot.jpg)![](http://www.jwz.org/xscreensaver/screenshots/lament.jpg)[XScreenSaver
5.30](http://www.jwz.org/xscreensaver/) out now. [iOS
version](http://itunes.apple.com/app/xscreensaver/id539014593?mt=8),
too.

I wrote a new screen saver, **WindupRobot**. This is one of my finest,
if I do say so myself. You saw a sneak preview of it [last
month](http://www.jwz.org/blog/2014/07/hey-i-made-a-robot/) when I was
learning Maya. The original plan was to 3d-print this robot to use for
the prize statues in the [DNA Lounge Cocktail Robotics Grand
Challenge](http://www.dnalounge.com/calendar/2014/09-14.html) (happening
*this Sunday!*) but that didn\'t work out, and instead we [built the
statues by
hand](http://www.dnalounge.com/backstage/log/2014/09/10.html). But that
3d model did not go to waste, because, screen saver!

I also put an absurd, OCD-level of work into the **Lament** saver. When
I first wrote that thing, back in 1998, I didn\'t have any 3D modeling
software, so the way I cracked the problem was: 1) I modeled it out of
clay, cutting apart a cube until I understood how it al fit together,
and how the visual effects crew had cheated; 2) then I modeled it out of
paper; 3) then I *measured* that paper, and *typed in the numbers*. So,
anyway, it\'s 2014 now and flushed with my success at managing to export
Maya and Sketchup models in a form that XScreenSaver can ingest, I made
new models, re-built all the texture maps and added a bunch of models
and behaviors that were missing, like \"tube\", \"sphere\" and most
importantly, \"Leviathan\". You all laughed at me for [the research I
did on this a couple weeks
ago](http://www.jwz.org/blog/2014/08/hellraiser/), but who\'s laughing
now, punk?

Also, using your finger to spin the various models around on iOS has
inertia now. It\'s soothing.

And finally, I think the OSX auto-updater finally works. It was broken
in a very unfortunate way: when it ran, it would give you a dialog
showing that an update was available; download it; prompt you for the
admin password; and then not actually update anything. Actually it
updated the \"XScreenSaverUpdater.app\" program but not any of the
savers! Doh. But I think that it works now. This time for sure. I think.

(If the auto-updater dialog popped up for you before 10:15pm on Sep 10
PDT, it probably didn\'t work and you\'re still running 5.29. If it ran
later than that \-- I think it worked!)
