Benutzer Diskussion:Chloeava
============================

Date: 2014-04-11 09:14:40

eat healthier foods drinking cropper water I\'m drinking enough quality
water of ban also bodywork

**Neue Seite**

<div>

The balance is what that my body and may \[\[XT Genix
http://puremusclefr.com/\|XT Genix\]\] just one bad just got tired to be
in sick so you know what he\'s there with that mindset you know you put
the energy out there been the universe opens the door where so many
people that come your way on different conversations that you may have
with people so you know basically with me %uh I didn\'t know anyone you
know and then all of a sudden I went to Manhattan and came across %uh
doctor Africans bookend %uh queen who was book you know so it was just
like I\'ve never heard these people like nothing about them adding you
can go to the gentleman to ask about you know healing books he just saw
mean handed them to me you know so like to say with hindsight you know
you think of it like you know what I need to do you're around people
that\'s going to help me heal myself event go somewhere and then someone
presents you with that you know so that\'s just how my journey started
okay and ohm as far as like he\'ll in are moralities wouldn\'t know how
want you on just let know the different on aspects I\'ll all this to cut
that shit into okay well I\'m a holistic health consultant so I help
people I consult people with the art nutritional imbalances and let them
figure out ways that we can get you eat healthier foods drinking cropper
water I\'m drinking enough quality water of ban also bodywork therapy as
out tomorrow mention that I\'m amass age a licensed massage therapist I
do have the healing hearts I and job I do energy.\
http://puremusclefr.com/

</div>
