Dev:SolrCloud
=============

Date: 2014-01-09 17:01:25

update

← Nächstältere Version

Version vom 9. Januar 2014, 16:01 Uhr

(Eine dazwischenliegende Version von einem Benutzer wird nicht
angezeigt)

Zeile 1:

Zeile 1:

−

<div>

This is an advanced \[\[Dev:Solr Solr for YaCy\]\] installation which
uses the SolrCloud architecture. If you want to read and understand
this, you should be (at least a little bit) familiar with debian, Solr
and tomcat.

</div>

\+

<div>

This is an advanced \[\[Dev:Solr[\|]{.underline}Solr for YaCy\]\]
installation which uses the SolrCloud architecture. If you want to read
and understand this, you should be (at least a little bit) familiar with
debian, Solr and tomcat.

</div>

 

 

 

<div>

In this example, we install a shard of 4 Solr instances within the same
server.

</div>

 

<div>

In this example, we install a shard of 4 Solr instances within the same
server.

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[=== Software Installation ===]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[We install tomcat, zookeeper and YaCy as standard debian packages and
Solr as web app for tomcat.]{.underline}

</div>

 

 

−

<div>

~~=~~==== Tomcat Installation ~~=~~====

</div>

\+

<div>

==== Tomcat Installation ====

</div>

 

<div>

We will install tomcat as a standard debian system service using apt:

</div>

 

<div>

We will install tomcat as a standard debian system service using apt:

</div>

 

<div>

  apt-get install tomcat6 tomcat6-examples tomcat6-admin tomcat6-docs

</div>

 

<div>

  apt-get install tomcat6 tomcat6-examples tomcat6-admin tomcat6-docs

</div>

Zeile 29:

Zeile 31:

 

<div>

  default web page: /var/lib/tomcat6/webapps/ROOT/index.html

</div>

 

<div>

  default web page: /var/lib/tomcat6/webapps/ROOT/index.html

</div>

 

 

−

<div>

~~=~~==== Zookeeper Installation ~~=~~====

</div>

\+

<div>

==== Zookeeper Installation ====

</div>

 

<div>

The SolrCloud peers need a common configuration system which is provided
by zookeeper. Zookeeper can be installed with

</div>

 

<div>

The SolrCloud peers need a common configuration system which is provided
by zookeeper. Zookeeper can be installed with

</div>

 

<div>

  apt-get install zookeeper zookeeperd

</div>

 

<div>

  apt-get install zookeeper zookeeperd

</div>

Zeile 42:

Zeile 44:

 

<div>

  ls /zookeeper

</div>

 

<div>

  ls /zookeeper

</div>

 

 

−

<div>

~~=~~==== Solr ~~and Zookeeper~~ Installation ~~=~~====

</div>

\+

<div>

==== Solr Installation ====

</div>

 

<div>

Download a solr release from http://lucene.apache.org/solr/ i.e.

</div>

 

<div>

Download a solr release from http://lucene.apache.org/solr/ i.e.

</div>

 

<div>

  cd /var/lib/tomcat6/

</div>

 

<div>

  cd /var/lib/tomcat6/

</div>

Zeile 48:

Zeile 50:

 

<div>

  tar xfz solr-4.6.0.tgz

</div>

 

<div>

  tar xfz solr-4.6.0.tgz

</div>

 

<div>

  cp solr-4.6.0/dist/solr-4.6.0.war webapps/

</div>

 

<div>

  cp solr-4.6.0/dist/solr-4.6.0.war webapps/

</div>

−

<div>

~~Before~~ solr can be ~~fully deployed~~, we must ~~create~~ a solr
index schema. This ~~is taken~~ from YaCy  

</div>

\+

<div>

[After the war-file is copied to webapps, tomcat automatically
decompresses the war file and writes the content to
/var/lib/tomcat6/webapps/]{.underline}solr[-4.6.0. Check that this
exists.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[Because Solr uses a different logging in jetty as implemented in solr,
we must copy the logging libraries to tomcat as well:]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[cp /var/lib/tomcat6/solr-4.6.0/example/lib/ext/\*
/usr/share/tomcat6/lib/]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[and restart tomcat:]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[/etc/init.d/tomcat6 restart]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

 

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[==== YaCy Installation ====]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[Follow the
\[\[En:DebianInstall\#Installation\_of\_YaCy\_on\_Debian\|YaCy for
Debian installation instructions\]\] and select \'webportal\' as network
to join into (we consider that you do this not create a standalone-YaCy,
not a peer-to-peer participant; you]{.underline} can [of course also use
this for a \'freeworld\' peer as well). The relevant paths are
at]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[YaCy data:          /var/lib/yacy]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[YaCy log:          /var/log/yacy]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[YaCy binary:        /usr/share/yacy/]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[Solr conf for YaCy: /usr/share/yacy/defaults/solr]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

 

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[=== Software Configuration ===]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[The SolrCloud needs a common configuration of the index cores used by
YaCy. YaCy uses two cores, \'collection1\' and \'webgraph\'. Both are
defined with a generic index schema and they are exact clones of each
other. It may]{.underline} be [also possible to defines these cores with
non-generic]{.underline}, [exact defined schema.xml files,
but]{.underline} we [will not do that right now because it makes things
much more complex.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

 

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[==== Zookeeper Client for Solr ====]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[First, we need a Zookeeper client for Solr because Solr provides it\'s
own client app to upload the relevant configuration files.
We]{.underline} must [fabricate this client using the libraries inside
the Solr war-file and additional libraries for logging. We use the
already installed war file, you must adopt the paths here if you
used]{.underline} a [more recent version of Solr:]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[apt-get install unzip \# a war file is in zip file format; we need that
to get the \'inside\' of the war file]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[unzip -q /var/lib/tomcat6/webapps/]{.underline}solr[-4.6.0.war -d
/tmp/solr-war/]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[mkdir /usr/share/zookeeper/solr-cli-lib]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[cp /tmp/solr-war/WEB-INF/lib/\* /usr/share/zookeeper/solr-cli-lib/ \#
solr libs]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[cp /var/lib/tomcat6/solr-4.6.0/example/lib/ext/\*
/usr/share/zookeeper/solr-cli-lib/ \# logger libs]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[rm -Rf /tmp/solr-war]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[Now we can take advantage of the SolrCloud ZooKeeper CLI
commands.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

 

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[==== Create Solr Configuration of Solr Cores for YaCy Inside Zookeeper
====]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[We need a storage place for the YaCy index data, generated by Solr and
a location to fabricate a default]{.underline} index schema [for
Solr]{.underline}. This [shall be placed in
/var/lib/tomcat6/yacyindex:]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[mkdir /var/lib/tomcat6/yacyindex]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[For a detailed description of the set-up of Solr Clusters and a
SolrCloud configuration, see the
\[\[http://wiki.apache.org/solr/SolrCloud SolrCloud Wiki of
apache.org\]\], the \[\[http://wiki.apache.org/solr/SolrCloudTomcat
SolrCloud Installation in Tomcat\]\], a
\[\[http://systemsarchitect.net/painless-guide-to-solr-cloud-configuration/
Guide to SolrCloud Configuration\]\] and a
\[\[http://myjeeva.com/solrcloud-cluster-single-collection-deployment.html
SolrCloud Cluster (Single Collection) Deployment\]\].]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[To upload the solr configuration in Zookeeper, we prepare a
configuration template for the two cores we want. We make a directory to
hold these templates using the example solr configuration:]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[cp -R /var/lib/tomcat6/solr-4.6.0/example/solr
/var/lib/tomcat6/yacyindex/solr-config]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[then patch this with the generic YaCy schema.xml:]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[cp /usr/share/yacy/defaults/solr/schema.xml
/var/lib/tomcat6/yacyindex/solr-config/collection1/conf/]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[Clone the collection1 to get the webgraph core:]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[cp -R /var/lib/tomcat6/yacyindex/solr-config/collection1
/var/lib/tomcat6/yacyindex/solr-config/webgraph]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[and patch the file
/var/lib/tomcat6/yacyindex/solr-config/webgraph/core.properties where
you replace the word \'collection1\' with \'webgraph\'.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

 

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[We can now upload the generic solr config]{.underline} from
YaCy[:]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[java -classpath .:/usr/share/zookeeper/solr-cli-lib/\*
org.apache.solr.cloud.ZkCLI -zkhost localhost:2181 -cmd upconfig
-confdir /usr/share/yacy/defaults/solr -confname
yacygeneric]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[That configuration is good for both collections, \'collection1\' and
\'webgraph\'. We can link this configuration therefore to both
collections:]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[java -classpath .:/usr/share/zookeeper/solr-cli-lib/\*
org.apache.solr.cloud.ZkCLI -zkhost localhost:2181 -cmd linkconfig
-collection collection1 -confname yacygeneric]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[java -classpath .:/usr/share/zookeeper/solr-cli-lib/\*
org.apache.solr.cloud.ZkCLI -zkhost localhost:2181 -cmd linkconfig
-collection webgraph -confname yacygeneric]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

 

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[Other option (maybe does not work):]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[java -classpath .:/usr/share/zookeeper/solr-cli-lib/\*
org.apache.solr.cloud.ZkCLI -zkhost localhost:2181 -cmd upconfig
-confdir /var/lib/tomcat6/yacyindex/solr-config/collection1 -confname
generic\_collection1]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[java -classpath .:/usr/share/zookeeper/solr-cli-lib/\*
org.apache.solr.cloud.ZkCLI -zkhost localhost:2181 -cmd upconfig
-confdir /var/lib/tomcat6/yacyindex/solr-config/webgraph -confname
generic\_webgraph]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[We can link these configurations to the collections:]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[java -classpath .:/usr/share/zookeeper/solr-cli-lib/\*
org.apache.solr.cloud.ZkCLI -zkhost localhost:2181 -cmd linkconfig
-collection collection1 -confname generic\_collection1]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[java -classpath .:/usr/share/zookeeper/solr-cli-lib/\*
org.apache.solr.cloud.ZkCLI -zkhost localhost:2181 -cmd linkconfig
-collection webgraph -confname generic\_webgraph]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

 

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[Lets see whats inside of zookeeper now, i.e. how the collection1 is
linked against the generic schema:]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[/usr/share/zookeeper/bin/zkCli.sh get
/collections/collection1]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

 

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[We want to use four Solr servers as a SolrCloud, each with two cores
(\'collection1\' and \'webgraph\'). We create subdirectories for the
servers inside of /var/lib/tomcat6/yacyindex:]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[mkdir /var/lib/tomcat6/yacyindex/solr0]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[mkdir /var/lib/tomcat6/yacyindex/solr1]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[mkdir /var/lib/tomcat6/yacyindex/solr2]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[mkdir /var/lib/tomcat6/yacyindex/solr3]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[In each of these directories, put a file named solr.xml. The
description for the creation of that file in the web is mainly void,
since there is a new
\[\[http://wiki.apache.org/solr/Solr.xml%204.4%20and%20beyond xml
structure for solr.xml for Solr 4.4 and beyond\]\], especially for
\[\[http://wiki.apache.org/solr/Core%20Discovery%20%284.4%20and%20beyond%29
Core Discovery with SolrCloud\]\]. Put the following content into each
of the four solr.xml:]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"UTF-8\" ?\>]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\<solr persistent=\"false\" zkHost=\"localhost:2181\"\>]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[  \<int name=\"coreLoadThreads\"\>4\</str\>]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[  \<solrcloud\>]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[    \<int name=\"distribUpdateConnTimeout\"\>30000\</int\>]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[    \<int name=\"distribUpdateSoTimeout\"\>15000\</int\>]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[    \<str name=\"host\"\>\${host:}\</str\>]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[    \<int name=\"hostPort\"\>8080\</int\>]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[    \<str name=\"hostContext\"\>solr0\</str\>]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[    \<int name=\"leaderVoteWait\"\>15000\</int\>]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[    \<int name=\"zkClientTimeout\"\>30000\</int\>]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[    \<str name=\"zkHost\"\>localhost:2181\</str\>]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[  \</solrcloud\>]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[  \<shardHandlerFactory name=\"shardHandlerFactory\"
class=\"HttpShardHandlerFactory\"\>]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[    \<int
name=\"socketTimeout\"\>\${socketTimeout:0}\</int\>]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[    \<int name=\"connTimeout\"\>\${connTimeout:0}\</int\>]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[  \</shardHandlerFactory\>]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\</solr\>]{.underline}

</div>

 

 

−

<div>

===== ~~YaCy Installation~~ ===~~==~~

</div>

\+

<div>

[To deploy Solr with the YaCy configuration you must create a Tomcat
Context fragment for each Solr instance. A Tomcat Context Fragment is a
file in /var/lib/tomcat6/conf/Catalina/localhost. Therefore, we must
create four files, one for each Solr server, in this directory: write a
file to /var/lib/tomcat6/conf/Catalina/localhost/solr0.xml with the
following content:]{.underline}

</div>

−

<div>

~~Download a YaCy tarball from http:~~//~~yacy.net or from an update
server like http:~~//~~latest.yacy.net~~

</div>

\+

<div>

[\<?xml version]{.underline}=[\"1.0\"
encoding]{.underline}=[\"utf-8\"?\>]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\<Context
docBase]{.underline}=[\"/home/administrator/tomcat/solr-4.5.1.war\"
debug]{.underline}=[\"0\"
crossContext]{.underline}=[\"true\"\>]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[  \<Environment name]{.underline}=[\"solr/home\"
type]{.underline}=[\"java.lang.String\"
value]{.underline}=[\"]{.underline}/[home]{.underline}/[administrator]{.underline}/[tomcat]{.underline}/[yacyindex\"
override=\"true\"/\>]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\</Context\>]{.underline}

</div>
