Standing desk
=============

Date: 2014-06-22 00:10:31

![](http://www.jwz.org/images/desk.jpg)A couple of months ago, I
switched to a standing desk. I figured I\'d give it a try, after so many
years of reading how [sitting will kill
you](http://lifehacker.com/5879536/how-sitting-all-day-is-damaging-your-body-and-how-you-can-counteract-it).

Anyway, I like it. It didn\'t take any time at all for me to get used to
it, I don\'t get tired or sore standing for hours at a time, and I\'ve
noticed that my neck is basically never stiff any more. So it seems like
a solid plan!

I find that it makes me pace around a lot more. Without the overhead of
having to actually *lift my ass out of the chair*, I wander more when
I\'m thinking, and I take my hands off the keys more often when I\'m not
actually typing.

The biggest downside is that I couldn\'t figure out a way to continue
using my beloved and long-discontinued [Kinesis
Evolution](http://www.jwz.org/images/img_1738.jpg) chair-arm-mounted
keyboard (what with there no longer being a chair). I tried attaching it
to an arm, but that didn\'t work out. The whole contraption was too
wobbly. So currently I\'m using a [Kinesis
Freestyle2](https://www.kinesis-ergo.com/shop/freestyle2-for-mac/), but
I don\'t like it very much. The layout is ok, but the keys are mushy.

For the keyboard tray, I got a [Vivo laptop
arm](http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00CM9NG1W/), which is adequate. I
got a 3\'×1\'×&frac12;\" piece of plastic from
[Tap](http://www.tapplastics.com/product/plastics/cut_to_size_plastic/abs_sheets/524)
to make it be wide enough for the hand separation I like.

**And now, for what I did wrong:**

Look, if you\'re thinking of switching to a standing desk, don\'t try to
do it halfway. Just commit. Raise the legs on your existing desk, or go
to Ikea and get an end-table that\'s about the right size, cut its legs
to fit, and set that on top of your existing desk. Just do the obvious,
easy thing.

I decided that I should come up with something adjustable, in case some
days I wanted to sit. So I wanted to be able to bring my monitors and
keyboard back down to desk height as needed.

Well first of all, after standing at this desk for months, I have never
wanted to do that, so that was a waste of time.

There are motorized desks out there, but they look like slow, noisy and
expensive pieces of shit, so instead I went with monitor arms, thinking,
hey, just grab the thing and pull it to the position you want it in.

First problem: there aren\'t very many monitor arms that will support a
35 pound iMac. The most promising-looking was the [Ergotech Freedom
Arm](http://www.ergotechgroup.com/freedom-arm-imac.html). That\'s what I
got. Do not under any circumstances buy this. Here\'s why it sucks:

1.  The mounting pole is too short. At maximum extension, it will only
    bring the bottom edge of your monitor about 12\" above the desk,
    which isn\'t nearly high enough to turn a sitting desk into a
    standing desk. They don\'t sell a longer pole. If you were designing
    this product, you\'d just use commodity threaded plumbing stock,
    right? Of course they didn\'t. I managed to find some pipe of the
    right diameter, and with a second pipe inside and a bunch of duct
    tape was able to shim it, and make it extend to the 20\" I needed,
    but that was a pain in the ass.
2.  With the longer arm, you can\'t just grab the monitor and move it
    from \"sitting\" to \"standing\" height anyway. It doesn\'t extend
    that far. To change it that much, you\'d need to undo the set screw
    and re-adjust. So that was a waste of effort.

3.  They have two models, one for iMacs and one with standard VESA
    screws. If you were designing this product, you\'d make one arm, and
    ship a mounting shim with the Mac version (like, say,
    [this](http://store.apple.com/us/product/MD179ZM/A/vesa-mount-adapter-kit-for-imac-andled-cinemaor-applethunderbolt-display)).
    Of course they didn\'t. They have a custom iMac-only head-end on the
    arm, and it\'s riveted in. So you can\'t ever use the iMac version
    with a non-iMac.

4.  Oh guess what, by \"iMac version\" they mean \"discontinued iMac
    version\". Because you see, the old iMacs let you remove the leg to
    mount this thing, but any iMac manufactured after 2011 no longer has
    a removable leg! You have to order a different Mac with VESA screws
    and no leg for that. And it\'s not an option on the standard Apple
    order-configuration page. There\'s a *completely separate page* for
    the VESA-screws iMac, with all the same configuration options as the
    normal page.

5.  And then \-- it turns out that the VESA version of the Ergotech arm
    can\'t actually support the weight of an iMac. I don\'t even
    understand why this is, because they look physically identical,
    except for the mount point, but it seems to be the case. Maybe they
    put a wimpier spring in it or something. I had to splint it into the
    fully-extended position with a piece of plumbing strap and a random
    steel bar. Oh, the indignity.

6.  So now you\'ve got an old 2010 iMac to use as a hand-me-down at the
    office. You take off the arm and put the leg back on. Oops, no you
    don\'t. The leg doesn\'t go back on after the arm has had its way
    with it. So now both your old and your new Mac are arm-only models.
    Get used to it.

What I\'m saying is, forget the arms, just make your desk taller
somehow. This was a dumb mistake, even though it gives me more surface
area to clutter up. Also, the monitors wobble a little bit when I type,
which is irritating.

But, standing good!

[Previously](http://www.jwz.org/blog/2014/04/your-favorite-2-piece-keyboard-go/),
[previously](http://www.jwz.org/blog/2009/04/nice-things-and-the-no-can-hassing-of-them/),
[previously](http://www.jwz.org/blog/2008/11/my-wrist-hurts/),
[previously](http://www.jwz.org/blog/2005/09/type-harder/).
