En:IndexExpImp
==============

Date: 2015-06-07 15:51:52

← Nächstältere Version

Version vom 7. Juni 2015, 13:51 Uhr

(2 dazwischenliegende Versionen von einem Benutzer werden nicht
angezeigt)

Zeile 1:

Zeile 1:

 

<div>

== Index ex- and import ==

</div>

 

<div>

== Index ex- and import ==

</div>

 

 

−

<div>

Since the development version 1.83 build 9250~~,~~ YaCy has now the long
awaited feature to handle the index data in a more convenient way: An
ex- and import feature has been implemented.

</div>

\+

<div>

Since the development version 1.83 build 9250 YaCy has now the long
awaited feature to handle the index data in a more convenient way: An
ex- and import feature has been implemented.

</div>

 

 

−

<div>

It is no longer necessary to study complicated manuals for the merge of
two solr indexes and/or setup an additional stand-alone instance for
index merging tasks - thanks to the great work of Orbiter - YaCy
delivers a powerful ex- and import feature out-of-the-box!

</div>

\+

<div>

It is no longer necessary to study complicated manuals for the merge of
two solr indexes and/or setup an additional stand-alone instance for
index merging tasks - thanks to the great work of Orbiter - YaCy
delivers [now]{.underline} a powerful ex- and import feature
out-of-the-box!

</div>

 

 

 

<div>

How to do that? Here\'s a short tutorial:

</div>

 

<div>

How to do that? Here\'s a short tutorial:

</div>

Zeile 12:

Zeile 12:

 

<div>

http://localhost:8090/IndexExport\_p.html

</div>

 

<div>

http://localhost:8090/IndexExport\_p.html

</div>

 

 

−

<div>

Leave the settings as is, XML (Rich and full-text Solr data, one
document per line in one large xml file, can be processed with shell
tools, can be imported with DATA/SURROGATE/in/) because it\'s the best
choice for ~~your index~~ consistency.

</div>

\+

<div>

Leave the settings as is, XML (Rich and full-text Solr data, one
document per line in one large xml file, can be processed with shell
tools, can be imported with DATA/SURROGATE/in/) because it\'s the best
choice for [the]{.underline} consistency [of your data]{.underline}.

</div>

 

 

 

<div>

2\. Press the \'Export URLs\'-Button and grab some coffee :-)

</div>

 

<div>

2\. Press the \'Export URLs\'-Button and grab some coffee :-)

</div>

Zeile 20:

Zeile 20:

 

<div>

3\. On the machine you want to import the index data, simply put the
exported XML file into the following subdirectory of YaCy:
\\DATA\\SURROGATES\\in

</div>

 

<div>

3\. On the machine you want to import the index data, simply put the
exported XML file into the following subdirectory of YaCy:
\\DATA\\SURROGATES\\in

</div>

 

 

−

<div>

You can do this during YaCy is running - ~~you don\'t~~ need to shut it
down first!

</div>

\+

<div>

You can do this during YaCy is running - [No]{.underline} need to shut
it down first!

</div>

 

 

−

<div>

4\. Voilà - The import process is blazing fast~~,~~ even on older
machines. After the import process is completed, you can search trough
the data instantly - reindexing is ~~not neccessary~~.

</div>

\+

<div>

4\. Voilà - The import process [starts automatically and]{.underline} is
blazing fast [-]{.underline} even on older machines. After the import
process is completed, you can search trough the data instantly -
reindexing is [superfluous]{.underline}.

</div>
