DNA store logins
================

Date: 2015-04-25 20:09:31

[![](http://www.dnalounge.com/store/merch-anim.gif)](http://www.dnalounge.com/store/)Let
me say up front that I\'m not particularly asking for advice here, more
just whining out loud. Because where I have questions, I think I know
the answers to those questions and the answers are unpleasant.

So [DNA Lounge has an online store](http://www.dnalounge.com/store/),
where we sell tickets to all of our events (we sell a lot of those), and
a tiny amount of physical merch (like, a handful of shipments a month).

The store is a giant pile of PHP code that started out as the online
store for [Unspun
Records](https://web.archive.org/web/20001003185826/http://www.unspunrecords.com/order/%20)
in like 1997 or something. John and I have been beating on this pile of
shit ever since, and we\'ve made it pretty secure, but it\'s still a
pile of shit and every time I have to touch it, part of me dies inside.

But we operate our own store because giving a percentage of your sales
to someone else just to process checkouts for you is a sucker move.

It\'s a pile of shit, but it\'s *our* pile of shit.

Anyway, our checkout page is pretty damned simple: [calendar event
page](http://www.dnalounge.com/calendar/latest.html) → put a ticket in
your [cart](http://www.dnalounge.com/order/) → checkout → enter CC,
email, billing address → receive
[candy](http://www.dnalounge.com/backstage/log/2010/07/25.html).

It doesn\'t do all kinds of jQuery alpha-fades and slide things around
on you, like you uppity kids enjoy so much these days, but it works and
it\'s easy to understand.

But wouldn\'t it be nice if we had the option to save all of that for
you, and not make you enter your card and addresses every time? Yeah, it
would. Fun fact: internally, Amazon used to refer to the \"one click
checkout\" button as \"The Money Vacuum\".

So, you know what I don\'t want to do? Write a login and user management
system. Because it needs, at a bare minimum to be useful in this modern
world: create/edit saved CC, shipping and billing addresses, email;
verify email addresses any time they change; change passwords; emailed
password reset tokens; login throttling; log in with Facebook; prompt
for all the extra info that Facebook doesn\'t provide; oh, and the
knowledge that the Facebook API gets rewritten from scratch every two
years.

I mean, none of that is rocket surgery, but man, I really just don\'t
wanna.

So about a year ago, someone suggested
[\"PHP-Login\"](http://www.php-login.net/) as something that might be
relatively small and easy to integrate with our existing pile of shit. I
looked at it for a minute, and the feature list sounded pretty nice, but
the thought of digging through someone else\'s PHP code and deciding if
I thought it was secure enough to trust my own store with it sounded
really unpleasant, so I left it on my todo list and ignored it for
another year.

Well the other day I came back to it for a second look, and guess what?
In true Open Sores style, since the last time I looked at this project,
it has been *rewritten from scratch!* You didn\'t see that coming, did
you? Yeah. You did. You really [did](http://www.jwz.org/doc/cadt.html).
So now it\'s called
[\"Huge\"](https://github.com/panique/huge/blob/master/README.md), which
is about the least confidence-inspiring name imaginable.

So I\'m reading through the README, hoping against hope that what I read
will let me convince myself that this sounds like something I could
trust, and these are the gems that jump out at me from that reading:

-   It is littered with smilies. I know I\'m just an unfrozen caveman,
    but that\'s like dotting your eyes with hearts on a resumé.

-   With a straight face, and no emoticon, this piece of *security
    software* suggests that you install it by doing `"wget | sudo sh"`.

-   I\'m just gonna leave this here:

    > *Documentation*
    >
    > A real documentation is in the making. Until then, please have a
    > look at the code and use your IDE\'s code completion features to
    > get an idea how things work, it\'s quite obvious when you look at
    > the controller files, the model files and how data is shown in the
    > view files. A big sorry that there\'s no documentation yet, but
    > time is rare :)

    Hopefully a real grammar is also making. Smiley not smiley.

-   Also: *\"There\'s no reason to complain (!) about free open-source
    software.\"*

Uh huh.

So I don\'t mean to bust on this guy too much, because he\'s being
honest about what this project is: it\'s someone\'s Learning Experience.
There\'s nothing wrong with that. Everyone\'s got to learn somehow, and
writing things is the only way to do it. But that makes it a *toy,* not
a *product*.

And that means the answer to the question of, should anyone use this in
production, with actual money on the line, is: \"are you insane?\"

As learning experiences go, I know I\'d trust *my* learning experience
more than someone else\'s, but like I said, wow, I just really don\'t
wanna. I know it would make my business better, but actually doing the
work sounds about as pleasant as a root canal.

I guess what I\'m saying here is, everything is terrible.
