EXERCISE VAGUE CAUTION
======================

Date: 2015-09-10 07:16:56

A few weeks ago, some shitheel glued up signs in my building\'s lobby
reading **\"THIS BUILDING IS MONITORED BY CLOSED-CIRCUIT CAMERAS\".**
Presumably this was a shitheel from the building management company that
my homeowner\'s association hired, but who can tell.

These signs irk me. They irk me good.

First, what a waste of effort. Does anyone think that these signs will
actually change anyones\' behavior? Is there anyone in the world who
might have reason to be concerned about whether they are being recorded
who would not understand what the *big black dome* indicated?

Second, these signs are both on the outside *and inside* of the door.
That\'s right, they\'re not facing only at the street, but also inward
to the lobby, to which only people with a key have access. Someone might
generously assume that the shitheel who put up this sign did so in some
misguided hope that it might prevent the homeless from sleeping in our
alcove \-- as if that would work \-- it\'s not like they\'re trying to
*hide* the fact that they\'re sleeping there. \"We have video of you
sleeping.\" \"Ok\...\" But no, they\'re pointing the sign at *me* too.
They think that *I* need to be reminded that I\'m being recorded.

Third, the purpose of signs like this is merely to instill unease. They
are fnords. You are to see them and have a little twinge. As if Jesus
Christ Himself leaned down from his home on Mount Olympus and flicked
your ear while saying *BE GOOD*. Some shitheel spent my HOA money to
*insult me.*

Fourth, I\'ve lived in this building for a long-assed time, and I\'m
like 99% sure that those cameras are not actually hooked up to anything,
so it\'s a lie from start to finish.

Fifth, ubiquitous surveillance sucks, and asymmetric surveillance sucks
even more. If these cameras are actually being monitored, by whom?
Because as a condo owner in this building, I\'m a
not-insigificant-percentage *owner* of these cameras, so why can\'t I
watch the feed too? If you\'re looking at me, I should be able to look
right back. (I\'ve asked these questions of the HOA, years ago. I never
got any answers.)

Sixth, if there was some triggering incident for these signs going up, I
think it\'s safe to say that, without knowing any details, we can
summarize it as, \"Something must be done, this is something, therefore
it must be done.\"

Anyway, yeah, I hate these signs a lot. But instead of just tearing them
down, as was my first instinct, I made some alterations instead. For the
outward-facing sign, I added

**DRESS CODE STRICTLY ENFORCED**

and for the inward-facing sign, I added

**EXERCISE VAGUE CAUTION**

::: {align="CENTER"}
[![](https://www.jwz.org/images/img_8473-thumb.jpg)](https://www.jwz.org/images/img_8473.jpg)
:::

After a couple of days, someone peeled them off. Hey, that\'s cool, my
label printer has a *lot* of tape left in it, and I had already printed
a few others in anticipation of this:

::: {align="center"}
**SO TRY TO LOOK REALLY COOL**

DON\'T SUSPECT YOUR NEIGHBOR: REPORT HIM!

FEAR THE UNKNOWN - MONSTERS ARE REAL

DRONE STRIKES AUTHORIZED 7PM - 5AM

AWARD-WINNING SECURITY THEATRE

YOU\'RE PROBABLY GUILTY OF SOMETHING
:::

(Feel free to add your suggestions below.)

Anyway, someone has been peeling these off every day or two, and I keep
putting them back. I\'m really curious who is doing it, though, and why.
I suppose it\'s possible that it\'s some other condo owner who is both
*not* offended by the original sign, *and* doesn\'t think I\'m funny,
but, I don\'t even know how to process that. Can there be such a person?

I think that a much more likely explanation is that it\'s one of the
despicable real estate agents who darken our doorway on an almost-daily
basis. I\'ll bet one of these shitbags looks at that surveillance sign
and thinks that this is going to be a *selling point* to whatever
new-Twitter-hire South Bay dudebro he\'s trying to foist off an
overpriced condo on, and dammit he has a hard enough time already
convincing this manchild that this hideous, filthy neighborhood isn\'t
dangerous, and he doesn\'t need my sarcasm *costing him the sale.*

At least, I hope so. I hope a little vein pops out on his forehead every
time he\'s scraping one of these labels off with fingernails bitten to
the quick.

[Previously](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2015/03/today-in-ubiquitous-surveillance-news/),
[previously](http://www.dnalounge.com/backstage/log/2012/09/28.html),
[previously](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2013/08/lavabit-silent-circle-the-public-private-surveillance-partnership/),
[previously](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2013/03/schneier-on-the-internet-surveillance-state/),
[previously](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2013/05/never-do-business-with-mcguire-real-estate-they-are-unrepentant-spammers/),
[previously](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2008/09/rick-avery-is-a-spamming-douchebag/).
