English â€¢ Dependable release cycle
==================================

Date: 2015-06-17 13:10:42

I\'m currently running the latest 1.83/9258 for my long-term stability
test and I have to say it\'s a disaster. I had a look at the peers list
from [Network.html]{style="font-style: italic"} and checked for which
release versions are deployed by users and get a picture of the
distribution. As it stands, the most of the peers run some older
development version (or \"unstable\") of YaCy, a few tens run the latest
one (9258), and very few peers run an old stable release.\
\
With these numbers, you\'d think you could enable automatic updates for
any newest dev version available and \"blend-in\" along with the other
peers in the network which also run the latest release; this is to say,
there would be enough eyeballs ready to spot bugs on such bleeding-edge
releases that you could hide safely behind such a group of potential bug
reporters and let bugs be identified and fixed in a matter of days, and
then the fixes would quickly enter the next dev release and be
automatically installed by the updater. This at least was my thought.\
\
As it really stands, despite dozens of other users running my same
version, I still had to
[report](http://mantis.tokeek.de/view_all_bug_page.php){.postlink} two
severe major bugs which hamper the basic functioning of YaCy. The
interesting fact is that despite all the bugs, defects, and possible
improvements that I keep seeing around YacY, and all the many users
which probably notice the same, only few people take their own time to
report these on the bug tracker, thus making
[mantis.tokeek.de]{style="font-style: italic"} the lonely desert that it
is.\
\
As I understand, the best option for keeping a stable, long-term YaCy
node seems to only install stable releases and avoid untested and
neglected dev intermediate versions. I think that releases identified as
stable would be free from such major oversights. The downside is of
course that new features and many minor bugs affecting stable releases
won\'t enter the next stable release until it\'s released, which could
be several months.\
\
I would like to understand what are your needs with YaCy, which
deployment cycle have you chosen, and how much you are/will be
dependable upon correct functioning of this engine.

Statistik: Verfasst von
[davide](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=8883)
--- Mi Jun 17, 2015 12:10 pm

------------------------------------------------------------------------
