Keyboard lossage, mouse lossage, everything is terrible
=======================================================

Date: 2015-12-01 06:58:10

![](https://www.jwz.org/images/matias.png)Well, I\'m in the market for a
new keyboard again.

[Earlier this year](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2015/03/new-keyboard/) I
got a [Matias Ergo Pro](http://matias.ca/ergopro/pc/) that seems like an
improvement over the [Kinesis
Freestyle2](https://www.kinesis-ergo.com/shop/freestyle2-for-mac/), but
it has this horrible problem that if you replace the connecting cable
between the two halves of the keyboard with any cable longer than the
18\" TRRS cable that comes with it, the left side of the keyboard starts
malfunctioning randomly.

It\'s infuriating. I\'ve tried cables from 4 different manufacturers,
and built my own out of Cat5, and none of them work. I\'ve exchanged
quite a few emails with the manufacturer, and their responses ranged
from, \"Huh, that\'s funny\" to \"Why would you want a cable that long
anyhow?\" So, you know, not helping.

(Suspecting that it was maybe a USB power issue, I also tried plugging
it directly into the Mac, and also into a powered hub of which it was
the only member, which was itself plugged directly into the Mac. No
perceptible change in the frequency of failures.)

So now out of frustration I\'m back to the Kinesis, which feels just so
mushy and awful now after the much better keyswitches in the Matias. But
my characters show up without me having to power cycle it every few
hours.

So I\'m open to suggestions for any two-piece split keyboard where the
halves can be placed 24\" apart and still work. And that aren\'t mush.
And that is an actual product for which someone will take my money, not
vapor and dreams.

And speaking of USB\....

Also recently \-- possibly shortly after I upgraded to MacOS 10.11, but
maybe unrelated to that, who can tell \-- my mouse pointer began
stuttering. Moving it slowly, sometimes it will suddenly warp to 200
pixels farther along in the direction of travel then resume normal
speed. Tried a different mouse, same thing; tried direct USB connection,
same thing.

Is it related to system load? Disk activity? Network activity? I can\'t
tell, because the \"Activity Monitor\" program is a categorical piece of
shit that simply stops updating as soon as *anything of interest is
happening anywhere*, and likes to show \"kernel\_task\" or
\"WindowServer\" as the culprits for everything anyway, which is pretty
unhelpful. I don\'t see anything particularly obvious in system.log, but
that\'s an incredibly noisy cesspool, so who knows.

You know, when I first switched to MacOS from Linux, the fact that I was
finally using an operating system that understood that tracking the
mouse was the *highest priority thing and that you could never, ever let
that fall behind* was one of the most refreshing things. I guess those
days are gone.

[Previously](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2015/03/new-keyboard/),
[previously](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2014/06/standing-desk/),
[previously](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2014/04/your-favorite-2-piece-keyboard-go/),
[previously](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2013/05/devtty/),
[previously](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2005/09/type-harder/).
