En:Requirements
===============

Date: 2015-12-13 21:00:07

Added note on Solr System requirements

← Nächstältere Version

Version vom 13. Dezember 2015, 20:00 Uhr

Zeile 6:

Zeile 6:

 

 

 

<div>

Java can be downloaded and used for free. If there is no Java
environment on your system yet, you must install it before installing
YaCy. GNU/Linux distributions may include, e.g. a free one called
\[http://openjdk.java.net/install/ OpenJDK\]. Otherwise, Java is
available from the \[http://java.com/en/download/index.jsp Sun
website\]. The minimum Java version you need for YaCy is Java 7 ---
which might change in the future.

</div>

 

<div>

Java can be downloaded and used for free. If there is no Java
environment on your system yet, you must install it before installing
YaCy. GNU/Linux distributions may include, e.g. a free one called
\[http://openjdk.java.net/install/ OpenJDK\]. Otherwise, Java is
available from the \[http://java.com/en/download/index.jsp Sun
website\]. The minimum Java version you need for YaCy is Java 7 ---
which might change in the future.

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[Note that Apache Solr beeing a YaCy core component, it is a good idea
to follow also Solr recommendations. For example, YaCy 1.82 includes
Solr 4.10.3 : Java 1.7.0\_u55 or later is recommanded (see
\[https://lucene.apache.org/solr/4\_10\_3/SYSTEM\_REQUIREMENTS.html Solr
System Requirements\])]{.underline}

</div>

 

 

 

<div>

Because of this --- and the fact that the newer Java version is more
powerful than the old one --- you should chose Java 7 right from the
start. If the only thing you want to do is just run Java programs you
can make do with the \[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JRE JRE (Java
Runtime Environment)\].

</div>

 

<div>

Because of this --- and the fact that the newer Java version is more
powerful than the old one --- you should chose Java 7 right from the
start. If the only thing you want to do is just run Java programs you
can make do with the \[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JRE JRE (Java
Runtime Environment)\].

</div>
