En:IntroSearch
==============

Date: 2016-05-19 06:34:12

Replace the 2013 \'mistake\' of Torna (replacing text by wikipedia\'s
text)

← Nächstältere Version

Version vom 19. Mai 2016, 04:34 Uhr

Zeile 1:

Zeile 1:

−

<div>

YaCy ~~(pronounced \"ya see\")~~ is a ~~free distributed~~ search
engine~~, built on principles of~~ peer-to-peer ~~(P2P)
networks~~.~~\[1\]\[2\] Its core~~ is ~~a computer program written in
Java distributed on several hundred computers, as of September 2006,
so-called YaCy-peers~~. ~~Each~~ YaCy~~-peer independently crawls
through~~ the ~~Internet, analyzes and~~ indexes ~~found~~ web
~~pages~~, ~~and stores indexing results in a common database (so called
index) which is shared with~~ other ~~YaCy~~-~~peers using principles~~
of ~~P2P networks.~~

</div>

\+

<div>

[== YaCy: Peer-to-Peer Search Engine ==]{.underline}

</div>

−

<div>

~~Compared~~ to ~~semi-distributed~~ search ~~engines,~~ the
YaCy~~-~~network has ~~a decentralised architecture~~. ~~All
YaCy-peers~~ are ~~equal~~ and ~~no central server exists~~. ~~It~~ can
~~be run either in~~ a ~~crawling mode or as a local proxy server,
indexing web pages visited~~ by ~~the person running YaCy on his or her
computer~~. ~~(Several mechanisms are provided to protect~~ the
~~user\'s privacy.)~~

</div>

\+

<div>

 

</div>

−

<div>

~~Access to the search functions~~ is ~~made~~ by a ~~locally running
web server which provides a search box to enter search terms, and
returns search results in a similar format to other popular search
engines.~~

</div>

\+

<div>

YaCy is a search engine [for the Web. It is neither a search portal nor
a portal software but a]{.underline} peer-to-peer [software that works
on principles similar to file sharing]{.underline}. [The
difference]{.underline} is [that the only data you share is web
indexes]{.underline}.

</div>

−

<div>

~~The program is released under the GPL license~~.

</div>

\+

<div>

 

</div>

 

\+

<div>

YaCy [also generates]{.underline} the indexes [it organizes. YaCy is a
\[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web\_crawler]{.underline} web [crawler\]
for everybody]{.underline}, [without censorship or central data
retention:]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\* co-operative \[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web\_crawler web
crawling\]; support for]{.underline} other [crawlers]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\* intranet indexing and search]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\* ad]{.underline}-[hoc capture]{.underline} of [random websites; all
users have equal rights]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\* comprehensive concept]{.underline} to [anonymize the users\'
pages]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

 

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[To be able to perform a]{.underline} search [using]{.underline} the
YaCy network[, every user]{.underline} has [to set up their own
node]{.underline}. [More users]{.underline} are [leading to higher index
capacity]{.underline} and [better distributed indexing
performance]{.underline}.

</div>

 

\+

<div>

 

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[Alternatively, interested people]{.underline} can [also
execute]{.underline} a [search without Yacy installation]{.underline} by
[using public Yacy peers]{.underline}. [However, fundamentally an
anonymous use of]{.underline} the [searched words]{.underline} is
[guaranteed only]{.underline} by a [own Yacy installation]{.underline}.

</div>

 

 

 

<div>

{{interwikiDE\|De:IntroSearch}}

</div>

 

<div>

{{interwikiDE\|De:IntroSearch}}

</div>

 

<div>

{{interwikiES\|Es:Introducción al Buscador}}

</div>

 

<div>

{{interwikiES\|Es:Introducción al Buscador}}

</div>

 

<div>

{{interwikiFR\|Fr:IntroSearch}}

</div>

 

<div>

{{interwikiFR\|Fr:IntroSearch}}

</div>
