XScreenSaver 5.35
=================

Date: 2016-05-24 07:31:18

![](https://www.jwz.org/xscreensaver/screenshots/dymaxionmap.jpg)[XScreenSaver
5.35](https://www.jwz.org/xscreensaver/) is out now!

Yup, this is the first release with a pre-built Android application.
Note: it\'s flaky. Consider the Android port an early beta. About 2/3rds
of the savers are included, and not all of them are working properly.
But more on that in a minute.

This is a pretty long post. I guess I don\'t usually talk much about the
process that goes into xscreensaver, so, why not. I\'m pretty proud of
this release so there\'s kind of a lot to say. It\'s a big one, because
xscreensaver tends to get a lot of attention when my business is doing
badly. So my misery is your gain.

First, the new screenhacks:

::: {style="text-align: center; width: 100%; margin: 0 auto;"}
\
:::

::: {style="text-align: right; width: 49.5%; max-width: 640px; margin: 0 4px 1em 1em; white-space: nowrap; float: right;"}
:::

**RaverHoop:** It may surprise you to learn that I spend a lot of time
at [DNA Lounge](https://www.dnalounge.com/). Over the last few years
we\'ve had quite a few more \"rave\"-like parties, and those always
attract the fuzzy-boots crowd with their light-up hula hoops. When I\'m
hanging out at the bar watching people goofing around with toys that
make blinky persistence-of-vision vapor trails, one of the things my
brain does is try to figure out the motion model necessary to simulate
it. *\"I can replace you with a screen saver\"* is something nobody
wants to hear but it\'s where the brainmeats go. Well that one
percolated for a couple of years, and then I finally got it mentally
worked out, and wrote it in about half a day. I cracked it when I
stopped thinking about inverse kinematics and just came up with a set of
simple chained oscillators that kinda matched the physical reality (the
term of art for this is \"cheating\").

That\'s one of my longest ratios between those two ends of the process,
I think. The cool insight I had in this one was the way I manage the
decaying after-images as a particle system. I use the traditional GL
matrix manipulations to rotate and translate the disk, driven by those
randomized oscillators, but then I don\'t actually *render* anything
while I\'m down that matrix stack! Instead I just reverse the matrix to
convert the resultant points back to world coordinates and put them on a
stack where they decay away. The actual rendering takes place back at
the top level. So basically I\'m using GL as a matrix library, but then
not actually drawing with it. I thought that was neat.

**DymaxionMap** came together pretty easily too; matching up the
triangles with the texture coordinates was the hard part. I admit that
there are some magic constants in the unfolding code. I cheated and
eyeballed a few things instead of doing it in pure trig. I really enjoy
how it stellates out into an object closer to a sphere. The one thing
that I\'m disappointed in, though, is that I had to use a
Dymaxion-shaped texture map for it, instead of starting with a Mercator
projection. I\'d like to change it so generate the Dymaxion texture on
the fly from the same texture that GLPlanet uses, because then (by
regenerating the texture a few times a second) I could combine the day
and night maps and show where the terminator would be, and show its
progression. That would look *incredibly freaky* when it was folded out
flat. But the function `F(x,y)` that converts Dymaxion Cartesian
coordinates to Mercator latitude and longitude\... that\'s a really
complicated function, that is.

So I kept having this conversation. \"What\'s up?\" \"Well, I wrote a
thing. Look.\" And I show them my phone running DymaxionMap, and they
say, \"Wow, that\'s freaky!\" And I ask, \"Do you recognize it?\", and
they say \"No.\" And I ask, \"Do you know who Buckminster Fuller was?\"
\"No.\" (They always say no. Nobody knows who he was.) \"Well, he was
this brilliant and kooky mathematician and engineer who invented all of
these amazing things, with this very sincere social agenda behind them
all, like, he invented the geodesic dome and tensegrity structures and
it was with the explicit goal of making inexpensive prefab housing to
make homelessness impossible. And this map \-- which
[distorts](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2015/10/mecator-puzzle/) the
relative size of the land masses less than most other projections \--
whose political goal was to make everyone realize that all the
contintents are more or less connected, and that north and south are
political constructs, and it\'s really one big island that we\'re all
stuck on together. But he was a huge proto-hippie and it wasn\'t
convenient or familiar and nobody cared. So he had these huge ideas,
invented all of these incredible things, almost none of which ever
actually became relevant or important. He died a fairly tragic figure
like, I dunno, Tesla, except that we actually *use* AC current, and
nobody uses a geodesic dome outside of god damned Burning Man, and
everything he devoted his life to kind of came to nothing. And then it
occurs to me that maybe I\'m not talking about Buckminster Fuller at all
any more and I get another drink. So. I hope you like the screen saver.

**Hydrostat:** I ported some [Javascript
code](http://soulwire.co.uk/experiments/muscular-hydrostats/) for this
one, and spiced it up by sprinkling more 3D on it. Well, 2Â½D, more like.
When you run it on your phone, pick one of them up and drag it. Spin it
in a circle really fast to make it dizzy. They love that.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

About that Android port: Let me remind you of the layers of software
archaeology going on here:

I started writing XScreenSaver in 1991, using the then-relevant
vintage-1985 X11 API. A couple years later, I added the first 3D hacks,
targetting the vintage-1992 OpenGL API.

When porting XScreenSaver to other platforms, my goal is to keep a
single code base that compiles for multiple platforms. That is, I don\'t
want to end up with two different files that implement \"Decayscreen\"
using different APIs or different languages.

So when I ported it to MacOS, I did that by implementing most of X11 in
terms of Cocoa.

That was, you know, kind of a lot of work.

Then I wanted to port it to iOS. Well, iOS supports *something kind of
like* Cocoa, so I got to re-use a lot of that work, but it doesn\'t have
OpenGL, it has OpenGLES instead \-- which, despite the similar name,
doesn\'t have much in common with its namesake. Which is incredibly
stupid. I talked about that at length
[here](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2012/06/i-have-ported-xscreensaver-to-the-iphone/).

So I implemented most of OpenGL in terms of OpenGLES.

That was, you know, kind of a lot of work.

So then Dennis made a first pass at porting XScreenSaver to Android.
Now, Android really, really wants you to write your programs in Java.
But, there is a \"native interface\" where Java code can call out to C
code. It\'s a hairy, finicky pain in the ass. So he got a chunk of the
xscreensaver C code to compile on Android (cross-compiling for like 16
different architectures, since the Android ecosystem is so amazingly
fragmented). He was able to use my OpenGLES implementation of OpenGL to
get some of the hacks up and running. (The interface between C and Java
is completely maniacal. Transferring objects between the two languages
is incredibly verbose, and extremely persnickety about object lifetimes,
what\'s running in what thread, and exceptions. I recommend avoiding JNI
if at all possible.)

So then Dave took a crack at getting the X11 hacks working. Instead of
doing what I had done the first time and implementing X11 in terms of
android.graphics.Canvas or something, he decided to start implementing
X11 in terms of OpenGL\... Which is altogether a more portable and
reasonable idea, and some day we might end up replacing the Cocoa
implementation with the OpenGL implementation. But it\'s not quite
complete or up to speed yet.

This is so many layers it\'s almost like we\'ve built a stack of
*emulators* to run these old programs.

For me this is yet another exercise in [\"writing programs for hardware
you don\'t
own\"](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2002/09/writing-programs-for-hardware-you-dont-own/),
since I don\'t have an Android device. That\'s because I think the
Android mobile UI is just monumentally shitty, and I would never inflict
that kind of pain on myself in my daily life. I need an appliance that
*works*, not one whose UI feels like it was designed by Linux kernel
hackers \-- which, in fact, it was. Plus it has all of the security
you\'ve come to expect from desktop Linux \-- \"Oh, I\'m sorry Sir, I
didn\'t realize you were root.\" Pre-jailborken for your botnet and
surveillance convenience! I have a lot of issues with Apple and their
lock-everything-down gatekeeper business practices, but\... [\"Say what
you want about the tenets of National Socialism, at least it\'s an
ethos.\"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_29yvYpf4w)

Anyway. It\'s been a long-assed time since I\'ve written any Java code,
and man, it was kind of like slipping into a warm bath. Just so mellow
and pleasant. I said this in conversation the other day and my friend
said, \"What, even after your [Java
rant](https://www.jwz.org/doc/java.html)?\" And I said, \"Remember that
that thing began with, \'It\'s is the best language going out of the set
bagbiting loser languages that we have to work with!\'\" He said, \"How
do you remember the exact words you wrote two decades ago?\"
![](https://www.jwz.org/images/knowthings.gif) That\'s what I do, I
drink and I remember things. Anyway, probably all of those complaints
are still true, and I still think it\'s dumb that they force you to wed
your class hierarchy to your directory hierarchy, but it\'s all just so
*easy* in Java. I think I enjoy Objective C more, though. Objective C
just feels more *honest* about what it is. It\'s C with a pretty decent
Smalltalk sheen on top (but shitty memory safety), whereas Java is
really *trying* to be a Lisp but it is overall a swing and a miss.

I do think it\'s kind of awesome, though, that *my team totally won* and
these days basically all languages have the Lambda Nature. Remember when
I used to have to argue with people about how garbage collection was a
good idea, bounds checking was a good idea, intrinsic types were a good
idea, and everyone disagreed, I mean, you had to *actually argue with
people* about that, but now every language has garbage collection,
bounds checking and intrinsic types? Ha ha, screw you guys.

Hey, pop quiz! Which of these languages is the best Lisp dialect?

1.  Java
2.  Objective C
3.  Perl
4.  PHP
5.  Emacs

The answer, of course, is Perl, because it\'s the only one of those
languages that has both lexical closures and first class anonymous
functions. And how sad is that?

And \-- yes \-- Dear Debian, please [stop
shipping](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2016/04/i-would-like-debian-to-stop-shipping-xscreensaver/)
xscreensaver.

As for the rest of you, I hope you enjoy them!
