David Icke knows the score
==========================

Date: 2016-09-28 11:19:43

![](https://www.jwz.org/images/they-live-poster_660.jpg)Today in the bar
I was bitching to a friend about how HDMI is first a *restraint* and
only *second* a means of moving bits from point A to B, because it was
built with DRM from the ground up and therefore its designers notion of
fail [safe]{.underline} is that if there is any glitch at all, deliver
black rather than accidentally delivering something *unpermitted*, it
being a technology beholden to the media cartels, and if someone was
trying to design something that does what HDMI actually *succeeds at*
that thing would be called \"ethernet\", oh, wait, that actually exists.

You know\... bar talk\...

And this fellow comes in and tells me that he knows exactly what I mean,
because the secret aliens who rule the world want to keep us helpless in
bondage and they use these technologies to keep us distracted.

\"Oh yeah?\", I said. I was intrigued by this alien business.

And he went on at some length, and I can\'t say I really disagreed with
any of it, except that where he said \"aliens\" the words I would have
used would have been \"corporations\" or \"Capitalism\". Terminology,
right? \"You shouldn\'t worry about TVs\", he said, \"just put in a pool
table and teach the drunks geometry.\" I mean, who can argue with that?
\"I very much enjoy geometry, but music videos are pretty cool too,\" I
said.

I think *They Live* was a brilliant movie, but I suspect that where this
fellow and I differ is that I ~~don\'t think it was a documentary~~\...
no wait, I *absolutely do* think it was a documentary, I just think it
was a *metaphor*.

Or maybe I\'m just woozy, because for decades they have been turning
*our* atmosphere into *their* atmosphere.
