English • Re: YaCy as ZeroNet search engine
===========================================

Date: 2016-01-28 12:27:33

so many p2p hidden networks came up all the time the last years (I2P,
IPFS, FreenetProject and ZeroNet). From what I know, most of these
networks use a local proxy to connet to these networks and that means
they appear to YaCy as localhost addess. To explain this no-localhost
restriction again: this is there to protect your privacy. Without this
restriction it could happen that information from your private intranet
is shared to other peers.\
\
This means, the ‚YaCy not ready' for ‚X\' (X in hidden-web-networks)
just refers to a simply ‚if' statement, not to the capabiliyt to crawl
or index such networks. What we need here is a detailed profile of such
networks so that we can define a network definition which opens the p2p
restriction in YaCy in such a way that it detects that the ‚intranet' is
a port to such networks with a defined proxy port and other netwok
filters so that there is no danger that private data is shared by
mistake.\
\
However, you can instantly simulate such a YaCy network for ‚X\' with
the intranet network definition - this would give you a YaCy search
engine for such a network but ‚just' without a sharing option. If this
works we should then discover how we can create a pre-defined network
definition for such networks which you could then select in
/ConfigNetwork\_p.html

Statistik: Verfasst von
[Orbiter](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=2)
--- Do Jan 28, 2016 12:27 pm

------------------------------------------------------------------------
