\"Like regular money but more fun!\"
====================================

Date: 2016-08-07 01:03:53

![](https://www.jwz.org/images/image1-11.jpg)Outside Lands has this
great new scam going on where you can go \"cashless\". What this means
is you charge your credit card to load, say, \$50 onto an account
associated with the RFID tag in your wristband. All of the food and
drink vendors will let you wave your wristband at the reader to pay that
way. And why not set it up to \"auto top-up\" so you don\'t find you\'ve
run out after you\'ve tried to order? When you\'re down to \$20, it will
bill you another \$20 and put it on your account.

And at the end of the festival, of course you can get a refund for any
remaining cash \-- if you ask. For only a \$5 service fee.

Holy crap you guys, they are just PRINTING MONEY here! And *everybody*
is falling for it! The vendors are confused when someone pays cash. Cash
is rare and weird.

So that first charge, to move money from your CC to this other account,
Visa/MC/etc. charge the vendor, Outside Lands for that transaction.
Let\'s say it\'s \$0.30. Of course they\'re going to pass that along to
the customer, and take a taste on top. I\'d be shocked if the total fee
is less than \$2. Probably it\'s up in the ATM-or-TicketBastard range,
\$3.50 to \$5. And each \"auto top-up\" will incur another transaction
charge. So now they\'ve already charged you like four times, because you
underestimated how much you drink and how expensive the drinks are.

And the system guarantees that almost everybody has \$21 or more left in
the account at the end, of which they can only get back \$16. Most
people, if they only had \$7 in the account, aren\'t going to bother
paying \$5 to get \$2 back, so there\'s a \"groundscore\" effect here
too. They get to just keep all that leftover cash.

Currently there are only a few alcoves here that are proudly \"cash
free\", so you *can* get by without buying Itchy & Scratchy Money. But
I\'m gonna go out on a limb here and bet this is going to expand a lot
next year. Probably the VIP areas will be cashless first, and then the
entire event.

And the \"convenience\" you get in exchange for all these added expenses
is\... you don\'t have to use an ATM? Wat?

I always appreciate a scam that is well executed. And this is genius.
