Outside Lands
=============

Date: 2016-08-09 03:45:57

::: {style=" font-size: smaller;text-align: right; width: 50%; max-width: 800px; margin: 0 0 1em 1em; white-space: nowrap; float: right;"}
::: {style="display: inline-block; width: 100%; max-width: 802px; padding: 0 6px 1em 6px; box-sizing: border-box; vertical-align: top; white-space: normal; text-align: center;"}
![](https://www.jwz.org/images/peaches.jpg) \"It\'s vulvariffic!\"
:::
:::

TL;DR: Hælos, LCD Soundsystem.

I didn\'t do that thing where I post a photo of each band I enjoyed
because I just wasn\'t feeling motivated, but here\'s a summary of my
weekend:

**Friday:**

**Caveman:** I caught the last few songs, and they were ok. They covered
*I Want to Be Adored*, which kind of violates the rule of \"never remind
someone of a better band than yours\" because now I\'m just thinking
about Stone Roses instead of Caveman.

**Ra Ra Riot:** I remember thinking they were decent, but don\'t
remember them at all right now.

**St. Lucia:** I\'ve seen them a few times because I keep thinking,
\"Wait, I like them, don\'t I?\" but they\'re kind of a snore.

**Poliça:** Their live show is much like their recorded material: it is
pleasant enough and it sounds like the kind of thing that is my kind of
thing, but I find my mind wandering about a minute into each song. It\'s
like I\'ve already forgotten them before the song is even over. They\'re
like a sedative. I remember seeing them before, but for all I know I\'ve
seen them ten times and just don\'t remember.

**Låpsley:** She was great. I had planned to stay for only a couple of
songs and the go see Duran Duran, but instead I stayed for her whole set
and missed them. Recommended.

**Grimes:** She\'s basically a DJ, and her attempt to put on a show that
justifies being in front of 20,000 people is to run around a lot and
bring out some dancers. Which is a fine approach, I guess, but the
dancers are of the \"those are decent go-gos\" skill level, not the
\"this is a dance performance\" level, or even the Peaches \"what the
fuck was that\" level.

(So at this point, Friday wasn\'t looking so hot.)

**LCD Soundsystem:** They were *absolutely incredible*. I\'ve seen them
before, and they were\... not incredible. But this time, they really
nailed it. Second best performance of the weekend.

**Saturday:**

**Rogue Wave:** They were pretty good.

**The Wombats:** Awesome and really fun. I\'ve seen them a couple times.

**Peaches:** She\'s a karaoke act, but she had several ridiculous
costumes and a couple of goofball dancers in giant vulvas and fetish
gear, and she really knows how to put on a show. Highly recommended on
the grounds that watching a complete lunatic on stage is always worth
your time.

**Halsey:** I really like her album, and the show sounded *exactly* like
it. Like, so much like it that I wondered how much of it was canned, but
I suspect that really what\'s going on is \"highly produced album,
highly paid hired-gun session musicians on tour duplicating it.\" So the
whole performance felt pretty flat, even though clearly Money Was Spent.

I\'m kind of shocked she\'s playing for this many people. When I heard
the album I thought, \"Yup, this is another act we\'re going to try and
book but lose to Rickshaw, where it\'s going to sell 300 tickets.\"
Nope, I\'m off by almost two orders of magnitude. Apparently she\'s on
some soundtracks? That\'s how people who don\'t like music discover
music.

She did have the best line of the festival though. It was *freezing*,
because it\'s August, and she said, \"San Francisco, I feel like we have
a lot in common \-- my teeth are chattering, your teeth are
chattering\... the difference is, I\'m not on molly!\"

**Radiohead:** I still don\'t understand why anyone anywhere gives a
shit about Radiohead. I mean, *Creep* was ok I guess? I just can\'t
manage to care about them in the slightest, even enough to *dislike*
them. They\'re just a test tone to me. But they are \"geniuses\" I am
told. Two songs during the long walk out was plenty for me.

**Sunday:**

I considered skipping Sunday entirely, but I\'m glad I didn\'t because I
got there just in time for **Hælos** and they were definitely the best
thing I saw all weekend. Like, I would have sat through the entire set
all over again. So, so great.

**Diiv:** Also very good. I\'ve been hearing about them for a while but
hadn\'t seen them, and I\'m glad I did.

And then I went home. The end.
