recent movies
=============

Date: 2016-02-18 23:15:35

Wow, it\'s been more than [a
year](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2015/01/recent-movies-19/) since I\'ve
done one of these! Not so recent, then. I guess I\'ll go in
chronological order.

\
[**What We Do in the
Shadows:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cv568AzZ-i8) Faux
documentary about NZ vampires. This kind of \"forced-awkwardness\" humor
is normally not to my taste, but this was pretty funny.

[**White Bird in a
Blizzard:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7D1W_aH72-g) I actually
don\'t remember this very well, but it had a maniacal Eva Green chewing
up the scenery like crazy.

[**Better Living Through
Chemistry:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=buR0WL4DCfI) They are
still re-making *Something Wild*. This version has Olivia Wilde in it.
It\'s ok.

[**How I Live Now:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RSaxm68PPT4)
There\'s been some kind of never-described war that involved the UK, and
a bunch of teens are shuffled off to \"the country\" and then avoid
internment camps. It\'s a pretty standard war/refugee movie, with extra
teen angst, but the modern setting brings the Grim Meathook Future
aspect home pretty nicely.

**I Frankenstein** and **Dracula Untold:** A pox on both your houses.

[**The Man in the High
Castle:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hzz_6dmv03I) This wasn\'t
bad, but they stretched about 4 episodes of plot into 10 episodes, and
then ended the season with basically no resolution of any kind. Still,
it\'s worth watching just for the set decoration. Imperial
Japan-occupied San Francisco looks amazing.

[**Tusk:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BCQJnOn0ru0) Torture porn
bullshit, and instead of actors it\'s an overstuffed burlap sack of
assholes. I assume Kevin Smith made this as an actual *prank.*

[**Puppet Master X: Axis
Rising:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5-c5CFZu9uU) It was way
better than *Tusk*, I\'ll tell you that much.

[**Laggies:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xep7s36qZL0) I\'m glad
they are still making slacker movies! If it was the 90s this would have
Bridget Fonda in it instead of Kiera Knightley. It\'s cute.

[**Banshee Chapter:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lhrYDiaSo_s)
ZALGO Shaky-Cam that is basically *From Beyond* with Hunter S. Thompson
instead of Crawford Tillinghast. Not a lot happens but it was fun.

[**Late Phases:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EJgXfzSYehk) Grumpy
old blind guy versus a suburban werewolf! It\'s not *Bubba Hotep*
because it\'s played completely straight.

[**The Lazarus Effect:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Ks6JqLzVTA)
It\'s *Flatliners*. Eh.

[**Focus:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MxCRgtdAuBo) Adequate heist
movie. It\'s popcorn.

[**Ex Machina:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gyKqHOgMi4g) I really
liked it. It\'s like if [*Lucy*](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2014/07/lucy/)
was directed by the *Moon* guy instead of Luc Besson. There have been [a
few decent Singularity
movies](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2014/06/recent-movies-singularity-edition/)
in the last couple of years.

[**Jupiter Ascending:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t4ZzMkDLjWI)
What a steaming pile. The best description I heard of this was that it
documents a [Kardashian Type III
Civilization](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kardashev_scale). The *only*
good scene in it was the one where they were waiting in line for
permits, and that was just a five minute mash-up of *Brazil* and *The
Fifth Element*. Even the fact that there were like, *space rollerblades*
or some shit didn\'t even elevate it to the level of quality of
[*Solarbabies*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HvCfZ0ma4Gk).

[**Time Lapse:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_YhP-VfH81E) Oh,
time-loop movies, why can\'t I quit you? This was *Rear Window* as a
very long *Twilight Zone* episode, but it kind of stunk.

[**Welcome To Me:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r0KEe-hMsLg) This
is really pretty amazing, and painful and cringe-inducing, and much less
of a comedy than the trailer leads you to believe.

[**Chappie:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lyy7y0QOK-0) This was
better when it was called *Short Circuit* and didn\'t have those dirtbag
assholes from Die Antwoord in it. Given how good Neill Blomkamp is at
animating fake robots, I wish he showed some evidence of *actually
enjoying science fiction*. (I absolutely despised District 9, too.)

[**Going Clear: Scientology and the Prison of
Belief:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ixgd38EZIR0) It\'s even more
fucked up than I realized, and I\'ve read a lot about them. Ugggggh, the
world is a terrible place.

[**Humans:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BV8qFeZxZPE) An
almost-not-terrible British series about a world where everyone has
humanoid AI robot slaves, and yet self-driving cars aren\'t even a
thing. Apparently its thesis statement is \"Gosh, what is it to be
human?\" but it never actually asks that question, because the robots
are bifurcated into the categories of \"toaster\" or \"completely human
slave\", so there\'s not actually any moral ambiguity anywhere. [Peter
Watts tore it apart](http://www.rifters.com/crawl/?p=6165) pretty well:
\"What a pleasant 101-level introduction to AI for anyone who\'s never
thought about AI before, who\'s unlikely to think about AI again, and
who doesn\'t like thinking very hard about much of anything.\"

[**Final Girl:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ec1-3Fjxy0c) I
expected this to be \"girl in faux-danger, then she turns the tables
because she\'s a secret ninja\", but actually it dispenses with all of
that and just goes straight to the part where she monologues at and then
executes a pack of low rent *American Psychos*, after giving them
hallucinogens. There wasn\'t a lot here, but it was moodier than I
expected. The takeaway here is, never trust a high school senior who
owns a tuxedo, especially if he\'s played by a 30 year old.

[**Deathgasm:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cg-c7UpJZLQ) I mean
come on, it\'s called *Deathgasm.*

[**The Age of Adaline:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7UzSekc0LoQ)
This isn\'t bad if you take the precaution of going *LA LA LA LA I
CAN\'T HEAR YOU* every time the voiceover plays. Seriously,
pseudoscience dreck they threw into that voiceover filled me with such
rage it pulled me right out of the movie. Just let it be fucking
*magic*. She\'s a *Highlander*, ok, move on. Geez. I haven\'t seen a
movie so ably ruined by voiceover since *Dark City*.

[**The Last Survivors:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l9IVgbxOdpo)
This is a classic 80s-style apocalypse movie that owes a lot to the
first *Mad Max*. I liked.

[**Martyrs:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whLR-LWitPc) Actually,
don\'t watch that trailer, it gives away the last third of the movie and
makes it look like it\'s just torture-porn, which it isn\'t really. A
Final Girl goes to an orphanage and makes a friend. Years later, that
friend proves that friends help you move, but real friends help you
movie bodies. Also: cults, man, they\'re everywhere.

[**It Follows:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymoh5SIqgtw) This
sounded really dumb but it\'s a lot better than I expected, and
medium-scary.

[**Excision:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rWJHOdjuOlY) How did I
manage to not hear about a horror-comedy that has John Waters, Traci
Lords, Malcolm McDowell and Ray Wise in it?? This movie is about as
creepy as [*American
Mary*](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2015/01/recent-movies-19/) or *Teeth*,
and then at the end it takes a turn into, \"Oh, this wasn\'t actually a
comedy at all, was it?\"

[**Some Kind of Hate:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=07SfDv21Iy4)
Kids get sent to rehab at Camp Crystal Lake, but the ghost-killer isn\'t
Jason, it\'s the girl who was murdered there year before and she\'s
*really talkative* about it, which was a pretty nice change. She\'s
like, \"Yeah, I\'m going to possess you all to death because the world
is awful and kids suck and I\'m still really mad about the whole being
murdered thing.\" Vengeance spirits don\'t usually just lay it all out
on the table like that.

[**Listening:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AECM7Q1s-08) It\'s kind
of *Flatliners* again, with a bit of the feel of *Primer*. It definitely
has the feel of \"movie about neurology written by someone who\'s never
met a neurologist\", so it doesn\'t really have that going for it. The
ending was weak, and I wanted to see more singularity apocalypse. The
[*Haphead* haircuts](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2015/02/haphead-2/) made
me smile though.

[**Crimson Peak:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oquZifON8Eg) It was
very pretty, but honestly, I\'ve already completely forgotten it.

[**Gravy:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7MMoEmg5JhY) If you\'re
pretty drunk and you\'re thinking, \"How about a splatter comedy about
cannibals\", maybe this is that movie. But probably not.

[**Nina Forever:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1IokJt_05co) Every
time she has sex with her new boyfriend, his dead ex oozes up out of the
sheets, Uncle Frank style. She doesn\'t like the new girl and they have
to change the sheets a lot. I loved the hell out of this movie.

[**Deadpool:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZIM1HydF9UA) It is every
bit as good as everyone is saying. This movie was everything I hoped it
would be. Extremely satisfying. I\'ve never read any comics that he was
in, mostly because I think Rob Liefeld is one of the [worst artists of
all
time](http://www.progressiveboink.com/2012/4/21/2960508/worst-rob-liefeld-drawings),
and also I have zero fucks for that \"grim, gritty\" Image-comics 90s
nonsense. But holy crap, this movie is fun.

\
Incidentally: is there a decent replacement for the YIFY site, since
they went into hiding? By which I mean: a curated index of high quality
torrents of recent releases, not \"type shit into a search engine like
Kickass.\"

[Previously](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2015/01/recent-movies-19/).
