En:Security
===========

Date: 2016-08-02 13:58:28

Fixed small syntax errors

← Nächstältere Version

Version vom 2. August 2016, 11:58 Uhr

(Eine dazwischenliegende Version von einem Benutzer wird nicht
angezeigt)

Zeile 2:

Zeile 2:

 

<div>

If you administrate your YaCy peer remotely you have to assign a
administrator username and password via the web interface (menu: Use
case & account -\> Accounts).

</div>

 

<div>

If you administrate your YaCy peer remotely you have to assign a
administrator username and password via the web interface (menu: Use
case & account -\> Accounts).

</div>

 

 

−

<div>

=== ~~Consideration~~ ===

</div>

\+

<div>

=== [Considerations]{.underline} ===

</div>

−

<div>

By default YaCy uses HTTP BASIC authentication which means that username
and password are transmitted unencrypted between the remote system and
you peer. You can setup YaCy to encrypt transmitted passwords ~~(~~using
DIGEST authentication method, more secure).

</div>

\+

<div>

By default YaCy uses HTTP BASIC authentication which means that username
and password are transmitted unencrypted between the remote system and
you peer. You can setup YaCy to encrypt transmitted
passwords[,]{.underline} using DIGEST authentication method, more
secure[.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

 

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[But even if Digest authentication is a better choice than Basic HTTP
authentication, it \"does not provide a strong authentication
mechanism\" as explained in the latest protocol standard documentation
(RFC]{.underline}).

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[Both Basic an Digest authentication RFCs recommand to enhance these
methods with HTTPS : see
\[https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7617\#section-4 RFC 7617\] and
\[https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7616\#section-5.3 RFC
7616\].]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

 

</div>

 

\+

<div>

 

</div>

 

 

 

<div>

==== Configure YaCy to use DIGEST ====

</div>

 

<div>

==== Configure YaCy to use DIGEST ====

</div>

Zeile 10:

Zeile 15:

 

<div>

\# modify the line to \'\'\'\<auth-method\>DIGEST\</auth-method\>\'\'\'
and save it

</div>

 

<div>

\# modify the line to \'\'\'\<auth-method\>DIGEST\</auth-method\>\'\'\'
and save it

</div>

 

<div>

\# restart YaCy and assign a admin user password

</div>

 

<div>

\# restart YaCy and assign a admin user password

</div>

−

<div>

</div>

 

 

 

 

<div>

Hint: step 1. (copy of web.xml) is recommended as a modification of the
\'\'defaults/web.xml\'\' might be overwritten by a update to a newer
release.

</div>

 

<div>

Hint: step 1. (copy of web.xml) is recommended as a modification of the
\'\'defaults/web.xml\'\' might be overwritten by a update to a newer
release.

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[==== Configure YaCy to use HTTPS ====]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\# See details in \[\[De:InterfaceÜberHTTPS\]\]]{.underline}

</div>
