The iTunes race to the bottom continues.
========================================

Date: 2017-03-09 03:42:18

![](https://www.jwz.org/images/itunes-remote.png)You are surely aware
that both locations of [DNA Pizza](http://www.dnapizza.com/) play music
videos all day. One of the nice features of our setup is that if you
have the Apple \"Remote\" app installed, you can request videos. It
shows you the full list and lets you queue new ones. You don\'t have to
pair your phone with iTunes, it just lets anyone on the network do it
anonymously. It\'s awesome.

But iTunes 10.7, from 2012, was the last release that supported this.
After that, they deleted the \"anonymous requests\" feature. Now you
have to be paired to iTunes with your Apple ID, and it\'s useless and
horrible.

Somewhat surprisingly, later versions of the iOS \"Remote\" app still
supported sending anonymous requests to iTunes 10. So that was basically
fine. Abandonware means no features have vanished, hooray. I had to
figure out how to continue running iTunes 10.7 on MacOS 10.11+, which
was *difficult* but possible.

But I think you know what\'s coming next: Apple just pushed out an
auto-update of Remote 4.3.1 and they removed the anonymous request
feature.

How out of character for them.

So if you still have Remote 4.3.0 or earlier, and you want to be able to
request videos, don\'t ever allow that to upgrade. You\'ll want to be
turning off *\"Settings / iTunes & App Stores / Automatic Downloads /
Apps\".*

If it has already auto-upgraded on you, you might be able to get the old
version back. Look in *\"Music/iTunes/iTunes Media/Mobile
Applications/\"* for a \"Remote.ipa\" file. I had 4.2.3, which still
works. You can re-install an old version by deleting the current version
from both iTunes and your phone; syncing; opening that old .ipa file in
iTunes; then syncing again.

If you know where to find a copy of \"Remote 4.3.ipa\", not 4.3.1, I
would like to know.

The iTunes Motto: \"Fewer Features, Every Day\".

[Previously](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2014/02/itunes-11-still-sucking/),
[previously](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2012/12/is-there-a-long-german-word-for/),
[previously](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2015/01/jesus-fucking-christ-itunes/),
[previously](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2014/11/fucking-itunes-2/),
[previously](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2014/02/the-great-recodening/),
[previously](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2010/07/itunes-increments-skip-count-at-random/).
