Recent movies
=============

Date: 2017-11-20 21:44:04

::: {style="text-align: right; width: 50%; max-width: 640px; margin: 0 0 1em 1em; white-space: nowrap; float: right;"}
:::

[**The Lure:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WgWe9QVqrl0) This is the
greatest carnivorous mermaid musical that I\'ve ever seen. It falls down
a bit in the third act, but before that it\'s just fantastic. Highly
recommended.

[**What Happened to
Monday?**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5F-YEbm65a8) In answer to
your query, \"I don\'t give a shit\". It\'s a terrible knock-off of
*Orphan Black* starring a vastly lesser actor. Seven identical twins are
all pretending to be one person and each putting on a wig and leaving
the house and going to work one day a week for 38 years. The unaddressed
questions that will occur to you in the first two minutes are: How does
she/they have an accent that is different from every other character in
the movie? And, given that their only downtime contact is with each
other and their father, why do they bother dying their hair different
colors? I\'d think that after let\'s say year 19 you\'d get pretty tired
of dealing with that shit and just all have the same haircut.

[**War For The Planet Of The
Apes:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qxjPjPzQ1iU) I remember
watching this and thinking it wasn\'t as terrible as I expected, but I
now couldn\'t tell you a thing that happened in it. Oh, I do remember
thinking, \"How many species of ape are there, anyway? Are they just
making shit up now?\"

[**The Vault:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qIjH9sPYkcs) Worthless
heist movie. Nothing of merit happened here.

[**Baby Driver:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z2z857RSfhk)
Worthless heist movie. Nothing of merit happened here. This is
by-the-numbers crap, and I can\'t understand why so many people talked
it up so much. Yeah, it\'s shot like a video, but most heist movies are
shot like videos. The lead is a dimwitted man-child whose whose
sunglasses pass for depth, I guess? Why. Why does this exist.

[**The Osiris Child:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kVB7dmbG2VY) It
felt like I just watched 5 seasons of an anime and didn\'t give a shit
about any of it. Like most anime, it left me thinking, that\'s a
detailed generic background and there seems to be some backstory here
but who are these people and why should I care?

[**The Hitman\'s
Bodyguard:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F4Afusxc2SM) I assume this
was made entirely of *Deadpool 2* outtakes, but as such, it\'s a
surprisingly fun buddy road-trip movie. Samuel L. Jackson does his
Samuel L. Jackson impression and that\'s just fine.

[**Singularity:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hEoobyOBxO8) Well, I
covered this turd in my [*Valerian*
review](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2017/11/valerian/).

[**It Comes at Night:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6YOYHCBQn9g) An
unsatisfying movie that never reveals its Big Bad and whose premise is,
\"People\'s mistrust of each other gets them all killed\". When *The
Twilight Zone* did this theme over and over again at least they gave you
someone to vaguely care about.

[**Ingrid Goes West:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xP4vD1tWbPU)
It\'s a movie about a creepy Instagram stalker, and *much* less of a
comedy than the trailer indicates. It\'s *Single White Female* where
everyone is just a little more dimwitted, venal and terrible. I enjoyed
it a lot. I wonder if Instagram paid for this product placement. I
wonder if they understood it.

[**Batman and Harley
Quinn:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z0pI8TT9AZ0) This is
excellent, and very funny. It\'s nice to see the *real* Harley again.
I\'m glad that DC is apparently segmented enough that they are still
able to make competent animated movies without their live-action
shitshow spilling over into the one thing that they did well.

[**A Dark Song:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OccAJCbZ-7I) A slow
movie about a pair of people conducting a multi-month magical ritual.
It\'s creepy, unpleasant, abusive, and I\'m not sure I\'d say I actually
*enjoyed* it, but it\'s certainly something I haven\'t really seen
before.

[**Darling:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=skd5qI_8Y98) This is a
good looking movie, but the plot is paper thin. It was just kind of
gross and cruel.

[**Thor Ragnarok:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7MGUNV8MxU) This
was just perfect for what it was. It makes you interested in Thor. How
did they even do that?

**TV:**

[**Extiinct:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ws6HoEkKpWQ) I saw this
extremely Canadian-looking *Riverworld* kind off thing pop up on one of
the torrent sites and gave it a shot, and then in the opening credits I
realized my terrible mistake when I saw \"A BYU-TV Production\" and
\"Orson Scott Card\". Oh nooooooo\.... I hate-watched it for about ten
minutes and it was even worse than you can possibly imagine. But! This
is an apocalyptic sci-fi piece-of-shit *literally paid for by a church*
and I\'m not talking about *Battlefield Earth*. So it\'s good to see
that the Mormons and the Scientologists are still playing \"hold my
beer\".

[**Philip K. Dick\'s Electric
Dreams:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RtX_LVwEJhA) This kind of
thing is the kind of thing that I like, but I couldn\'t make it all the
way through any of the first three episodes. This is just remarkably
awful.

[**Channel Zero: No-End
House:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LW7zWck0VAQ) This is pretty
decent and creepy, and much better than the (unrelated, plot-wise) first
season. It\'s only six episodes long, and it probably should have been
four, but it\'s worth a look.

[**The Inhumans:**](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2017/10/hatewatching/) I
think I\'ve adequately covered this
[already](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2017/10/hatewatching/), but just as
an epilogue, I was 100% sure they were going to magically grow Medusa\'s
hair back for a boss battle at the end of the series finale, but no,
they didn\'t even squirrel away the \$50 they needed for the effects to
do that. She was bald and powerless for the entire series. (She did not
fight a giant spider.)

[**The Gifted:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TSvX-azZmG4) Even
though this shares a lot of paint-by-numbers plot with (the utterly
deplorable) *Heroes* \-- \"anti-mutant dad realizes kids are mutants and
the family goes on the run, because family family it\'s all about
family\" \-- it\'s not bad. Much about it is full-bore clich√©, but so
far they comport themselves well. Ok, that\'s faint praise. It\'s no
[*Legion*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4SZ3rMMYBLY), I guess I\'m
saying.

[**People of Earth:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nlZCkRi05JQ) A
bunch of people are in a support group for alien abductees. The aliens
are complete boneheads who are bad at their jobs. Everyone involved in
the production of this show clearly spends a *lot* of time stoned. But
it\'s pretty funny.

[**Preacher:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kCt0DiTDX8g) Season 2
was not nearly as good as season 1. They were charming assholes in the
first season, but now they\'re just kind of regular assholes.

[**The Tick:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aFnTMxGiCdc) It\'s
exactly what you need from a Tick series. I give it 7 out of a possible
10 Ticks.

[**Travelers:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=99LZwZmSoNo) Time
travelers from the future trying to something-something-something
MacGuffin, but the kink is that they can only show up here by
overwriting someone else\'s brain, which they try to do in the last
minutes of that person\'s life. (George from [*Dead Like
Me*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cNHDFf1YLlc) is not involved.) The
big failure of this show is that we know *nothing* about these
characters\' *actual* backstory, so all we have is their cover identity,
which makes their personalities weird and wooden. The first season was a
so-so caper-of-the-week kind of deal, but the second season is going a
bit better. I have hopes for their Big Bad.

[**Mr. Robot:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EMK5e-FSro0) I\'m still
enjoying it, but I\'m worried that they\'re running out of steam. Also,
this season they\'ve been hinting at\... a thing\... and I\'m sitting
here thinking, \"No. No. Please god no. Don\'t do the thing.\" I\'m
experiencing a *\"Matrix Revolutions\"* level of dread that they might
do the thing.

[**Dirk Gently\'s Holistic Detective
Agency:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WBk6BHGcD68) Season 1 was
kind of\... whatever, but I am *really* loving season 2. It\'s
completely bonkers.

[**The Punisher:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lIY6zFL95hE) Hey
wow, it\'s another show starring Gun Guy. It\'s great that the world\'s
more boring superhero Gun Guy is getting some more screen time.

Ok, first of all, this show is boring. Didn\'t he already get revenge on
his wife\'s killers like three separate times already? They keep pulling
the, \"Oh, just kidding, really it was these other guys\" switch. I
don\'t care.

Second, given the extremely suboptimal timeline we\'re living in, and
how beloved Gun Guy is by nazis, cops and other racists, how does
someone think that making a show about their hero is\... a good plan?
\"But he\'s not a hero, he\'s an anti-hero that bad people are all
misinterpreting!\" people will say. No, I\'m sorry, that\'s false. Gun
Guy is the hero of this story. He only mass-murders *bad* people, while
having exactly the same contempt for the rule of law as Daredevil,
Batman and every other vigilante. The \"anti-hero\" claim does not hold
up at all, not in the story they told here.

And in case there was any doubt that the entire story is a dick-swinging
contest, there are two separate scenes where two different guys make
first-person jokes about the size of their dicks. That\'s 2/3rds of the
male leads in this show literally talking to the camera about their
dicks. The other 1/3rd has a wall full of machine guns.
