recent movies
=============

Date: 2017-08-08 00:27:30

Per recent trend, it\'s been more than a year since my last movie
microreview post.

This isn\'t everything. I\'ve omitted the many things I watched that
were so bad that I don\'t even have anything funny to say about them.
Also, when I checked my list, I found that there were some on there that
I don\'t actually remember at all. There were a few. Ok, a lot.

In maybe something close to chronological order but not really:

**[Guns For Hire:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E31JDKvb3S0)** A very
low budget \"what actually happened\" action/mystery. Not bad.

**[Addicted to Fresno:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JRlVn4cKxJE)**
Absolutely hilarious Slacker Idiot Caper movie.

**[Morgan:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dc5BE8iwmHw)** They keep
making this movie \-- the genetically engineered [\"born sexy
yesterday\"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0thpEyEwi80) killing
machine \-- but this is a decent entry in the genre.

**[The Girl With All The
Gifts:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p1n4vpOjm5E)** A zombie movie
worth watching even if you\'re sick to death of zombie movies. I loved
the book, and the movie does it justice.

**[Doctor Strange:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HSzx-zryEgM)** Ok
either you\'ve already seen this or we can\'t be friends.

**[Crazyhead:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_whoNJNxxO8)** This
series is *Buffy* with more swearing and awkwardness. Starts off very
strong, sort of loses it by the end.

**[The Man in the High
Castle:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A1plFJD4RtU)** Season 2 wasn\'t
bad. You can pretty much entirely skip season 1, in which nothing
happens.

**[Travellers:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=99LZwZmSoNo)** Time
travel show basically from the perspective of the Terminators. It\'s not
bad but suffers in characterization since by design, the characters have
*no backstory*. We only get their cover identities.

**[Falling Water:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rvJzKt2nkFM)** This
is an odd show about walking into other peoples\' dreams. What I liked
most about it is that it was really good for watching while falling
asleep, because like dreams, it makes no god damned sense. It\'s like a
42 minute screen saver. When they finally started explaining things I
felt, \"nooo, don\'t spoil it\".

**[Passengers:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yVXQq2u6OP0)** The
trailer tells the entire story, because there\'s not much story, and the
plot is even more monstrous than the script says it is. It\'s pretty,
though. And I liked the bartender robot.

**[The Love Witch:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vXOmzA56E40)** This
is a glorious tribute to the Hammer Horror movies. If you have any love
for those, this is fantastic.

**[Person of Interest:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7I8OeQs7cQA)**
When this show started, I gave up after a couple episodes because it was
just another stupid police procedural. But people kept saying, \"no, if
you suffer through Season 1, it gets really good and turns into an
actual science fiction show\". Well, yeah, it does turn into a science
fiction show, and it\'s not bad, but it suffers so heavily from
[plotblocking](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2016/10/plotblocking/): In five
seasons, there\'s about Â¾ of a season\'s worth of the \"AI\" plot that I
actually cared about. The rest of it is procedural victim-of-the-week
nonsense.

**[The Sin of Harold
Diddlebock:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PNDNOKgzwSA)** I thought I
had seen all of the Preston Sturges movies, but somehow I missed this
one! And it\'s fantastic!

**[Legion:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4SZ3rMMYBLY)** SO GREAT. It
turns out that what mutant stories were missing was hallucinatory
unreliable narrators in asylums! And Aubrey Plaza. You may have heard
that the is nominally connected to the X Men franchise, but it feels
like it has nothing to do with that world, so don\'t let that scare you
away.

**[Timeless:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WXTjc41Tj_I)** This is a
really fun time travel show, and I don\'t often say those words. It hits
many of the tropes, ok all of the tropes, but it comports itself well.

**[Midnight Special:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1zuQTmVCEn4)**
It\'s a precocious mutant kid movie that seems to be based on the
various [M83 videos](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dX3k_QDnzHE), and
is possibly set in the same universe as *Tomorrowland*. I mock, but
actually it\'s pretty good.

**[The Autopsy Of Jane
Doe:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mtTAhXuiRTc)** I was worried this
was going to be \"zombie movie with boobs\", but it\'s actually a pretty
great locked-room ghost story. Very well done.

**[Modesty Blaise:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bRd8wL0d3m4)** You
gotta watch this movie for the wallpaper alone.

**[The Void:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QFNF_tSk97k)** Start with
*The Thing*, turn left at *Hellraiser*, sprinkle lightly with *Beyond
The Black Rainbow*.

**[The Scribbler:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xVd0y3-yG-s)** Good
looking movie, shame about the plot.

**[After Death:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=brgB6q3Yip4)** Some
people wake up on a beach, pretty quickly realize they died and are in
Hell. It\'s not bad, but don\'t watch the trailer, it spoils the whole
thing.

**[Rogue One:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=frdj1zb9sMY)** I was very
pleasantly surprised by *The Force Awakens,* but this was even better.
It held up on a second viewing, too.

**[Get Out:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DzfpyUB60YY)** This is as
great as everyone says it is. It\'s funnier and less of a horror movie
than I expected.

**[Before I Fall:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q3Zyy4ZXegE)** What
if *Groundhog Day* was *Mean Girls?* Actually that works our pretty
well.

**[The Neon Demon:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zdbFznqc8S0)** This
movie takes a really long time to get around to its actual plot \--
which begins about 10 minutes from the end. It\'s vacuous and very
pretty, and I might have enjoyed it more if I had known from the
beginning that it was actually **REDACTED**.

**[Jawbreaker:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jB5Z9Fz7Spc)** Speaking
of *Mean Girls*, I remembered this movie being a piece of shit, but I
was talking to a friend who remembered it fondly, so I watched it again.
I was right, it\'s a complete piece of shit.

**[The Devil\'s Candy:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q2P4xPmgbTs)** A
really nice haunted house / possession movie. Much more on the suspense
side than the spring-loaded-cat side.

**[Trainspotting 2:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IGdiACWiMAM)** I
did not expect this is be any good, but WOW, it\'s really good! It
really felt like these jackasses have just been fucking around for
twenty years and we\'re checking in on them again.

**[American Gods:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3awG5wEE7LU)** I read
the book and it really bored me \-- all I remember of it is that it\'s a
road trip with a whiny viewpoint protagonist who has absolutely
everything exposited to him. But the show is *so much better!* Probably
because it\'s actually about Dead Wife and Giant Leprechaun instead of
the nominal lead characters. This is very much a Bryan Fuller story, not
a Neil Gaiman story: it has much more to do with Fuller\'s [*Pushing
Daisies*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fliFS-BfGZ0) and [*Dead Like
Me*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cNHDFf1YLlc) than with Gaiman\'s
pastiches of late-period Douglas Adams.

**[The Handmaid\'s Tale:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PJTonrzXTJs)**
It\'s pretty great. But do shows with female leads always have to be
about babies? Is there some kind of Bechdel test corollary that goes,
\"\...and the women didn\'t talk about babies *at all*\"?

**[Glow:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wnKEoXbBTEw)** Words cannot
express how little interest or nostalgia I have for wrestling, but this
was pretty funny. But again with the babies.

**[Wynonna Earp:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9U7b3Hof0CE)** ,
*Supernatural* has been kind of losing my interest lately, and this show
was bringing the kind of stupid monster-of-the-week pulp schlock that I
was missing. Season two has been slow so far, though. Also, *now with
babies.*

**[I Am Not A Serial
Killer:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DNjQoD_o6X8)** This is a pretty
weird monster movie. It\'s hard to say more without spoilers. Not bad.

**[The Tenth Victim:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VXc-Dl2ojtM)** Did
you know that they made *The Hunger Games* in 1965? This may well be the
first recorded appearance of a bra that shoots bullets from the nipples.
This movie is not good, but it *is* better than *The Hunger Games*.

**[He Never Died:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WyWralJ2pkk)**
Rollins is immortal, and very very grumpy. I strongly recommend this as
a double bill with [*The Man From
Earth*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9mOIxyRTY5I).

**[Blood Drive:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZR093dTc4m8)** This
show is way funnier than it has any right to be.

**[Freaks of Nature:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eNXH63gCOG8)**
What if zombies, vampires and humans all went to high school together,
and then aliens invaded. Yeah, ok, I\'m in.

**[Motivational Growth:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jqBzxUaHKi4)**
Jeffrey Combs plays a manipulative pile of talking bathroom mold. It\'s
kind of amazing.

**[Arrival:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tFMo3UJ4B4g)** I loved this
movie, and I was already a fan of the
[story](https://libraryqtlpitkix.onion.link/library/Fiction/Ted%20Chiang%20-%20Story%20of%20Your%20Life.pdf)
it was based on. Calling it *Contact* done right isn\'t out of line.

**[Absentia:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wN1kyOUm8uk)** The day
after her husband is declared \"presumed dead\", he comes back, and then
gets taken by a monster again. It\'s pretty well done.

**[God Help The Girl](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1zYFJHaZO_Y)** and
**[Sing Street:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C_YqJ_aimkM)** If you
are looking for a double bill of twee indie-rock musicals, these are
*totally* where you should go for that.

**[Wonder Woman:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tgk_63b-Mrw)** After
suffering through what felt like a thousand stultifyingly shitty
live-action DC movies, they finally got one right! I enjoyed this a lot.
(When I saw the trailer for *Dunkirk* I said, \"Wow, this Wonder Woman
movie is way darker than I expected it to be.\") I still think the
*Justice League* movie looks like it\'s going to be a piece of shit,
though. How is it that the DC animated stuff is (mostly) so good, but
their live action outings are complete garbage? Except this one.

**[Guardians of the Galaxy
2:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pr7tDrwQ3t8)** Hands up anybody who
saw the first one and thought, \"Boy, I hope the whole second movie is
about Starlord\'s sad manbaby daddy issues!\" Nobody? That\'s what I
thought.

**[Colossal:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fqcZtz8VXXE)** Come for
the kaiju, stay for the abusive relationships! I loved this.

**[Heavy Metal](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dAdqIl5XVHQ)** and
**[Heavy Metal 2000:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HLXlHwwDN_4)** I
was feeling nostalgic, so I\'m here to remind you that these movies are
absolutely dreadful. They\'re even worse than I remembered. They\'re
shit.

**[Rock and Rule:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RISzXw3WsNY)** In
comparison to *Heavy Metal*, this lousy movie looks pretty great I
guess?

**[Akira:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7mdMtuGL7eg)** This, however,
really stands up. Every frame of this movie is gorgeous.

**[Ghost in the Shell,
1995:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SvBVDibOrgs)** This too. It\'s
absolutely as great as I remembered. One of the things that struck me
about it this time is that it\'s slow not just because it\'s just a
talky movie, but because they are showing off the absolutely *obsessive*
environmental detail. This movie loves its skylines and neon-lit tunnels
as much as *Blade Runner* did, and is just as willing to linger on them.

**[Ghost in the Shell,
2017:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sEDctELIm3I)** I put off watching
this for a long time because A) remakes are stupid and B) whitewashing
is stupid. And yeah, the whitewashing is weird and lame. But I gotta
say, if you can get past that, they did a *great* job on this movie. It
is absolutely gorgeous \-- the exteriors, especially, which look like
live-action *Wipeout* \-- and the characterization and themes do justice
to the original. The plot is different than, and much simpler than the
original movie, but the various movies and TV shows were never much for
continuity anyway. (Do the first and second movie even take place in the
same universe? I can\'t remember. I\'m pretty sure at least some of the
TV shows disregarded the others.)

**[Valerian and the City of a Thousand
Planets:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cPeqNTqZNN0)** For the first
hour or so, I thought this movie was fantastic \-- very much *The Fifth
Element* done right. It kind of lost it toward the end, though. Like
most movies, it probably should have ended 20 minutes earlier. Still, it
was gorgeous and a lot of fun. (I have since read the comics, and I can
say with assurance that the movie is way better. The comics are shit.
Though the movie and the comics do share one important point: both of
them would have been better if the male lead wasn\'t in them.)

**[Atomic Blonde:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nI7HVnZlleo)** THIS
IS SO GREAT! From the opening titles where I thought, \"You are already
referencing *To Live and Die in LA* and I am all in,\" every moment of
this movie is fantastic. The fight choreography is great. The use of
music is great. Where they chose *not* to use music is great. It\'s all
great.

[Previously](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2016/02/recent-movies-20/).
