XScreenSaver 5.38
=================

Date: 2017-12-20 23:15:42

::: {style="text-align: right; width: 60%; max-width: 640px; margin: 0 0 1em 1em; white-space: nowrap; float: right;"}
:::

[XScreenSaver](https://www.jwz.org/xscreensaver/) 5.38 is out now,
including
[iOS](https://itunes.apple.com/app/xscreensaver/id539014593?mt=8) and
[Android](https://www.jwz.org/xscreensaver/xscreensaver-5.38.apk).

There are many minor improvements, such as: BSOD now accepts
Dunning-Krugerrands. But only one new hack this time, Esper. I\'d been
meaning to write this for years, and finally got around to it [in
protest](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2017/10/blade-runner-2049/) of a
certain sequel.

Hacks like this are tricky because it\'s challenging to get lo-fi fuzz
effects out of OpenGL\'s sharp-edged way of doing things. That sort of
thing is easier if you can write in the GLES2 shader language, but
[alas](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2012/06/i-have-ported-xscreensaver-to-the-iphone/),
there\'s no way to do that and still maintain backward compatibility
with old X11 desktops.

The Android version is much improved, again thanks to the hard work of
Dave and Dennis. It should also work properly on Android TV now.

Some bad Android news, though: at some point since the previous release,
some piece-of-shit within the Android tool chain decided to silently
delete my .keystore file. It seems that this happened more than six
months ago, so it has expired from my off-site backups too. This means
that I no longer have the signing key that I previously used on the
Google Play store, and that means that they won\'t let me upload a new
version without changing the name of the app. That\'s stupid, so I\'m
not going to do that. I\'m just going to stop uploading new versions to
the Google store instead. You can install the [APK
file](https://www.jwz.org/xscreensaver/xscreensaver-5.38.apk) directly
from my site. It does exactly the same thing, except that you won\'t get
auto-updates. Bummer.
