Shortlinks
==========

Date: 2017-07-27 20:47:15

![](https://www.jwz.org/images/3341898848_2f78cf1851.jpg)Shortlinks are
terrible for all kinds of reasons, but this post isn\'t about that. But
let me get that part out of the way first:

-   They obscure the destination you\'re about to click on, making them
    a primary tool for phishing attacks.
-   They train people that not looking at their link destinations is a
    reasonable thing to do.

-   Each shortening \"service\" introduces a new point of failure: when,
    not if, they go out of business, they will have broken a vast swath
    of the web equivalent to their market share.

-   The real reason that link shorteners exist is not actually to save
    typing, or reading, but as a tool of surveillance: the shortening
    \"service\" wants to interject itself between your mouse and the
    destination site to sell those hit statistics to other people.

-   Twitter, who inflicted this blight upon the world in the first
    place, won\'t even respect the shortlinks that sites provide on
    their own, but instead double-encode them using their own shortener.
    They say this is for \"security\" reasons but that\'s a bald-faced
    lie that I\'m sure I don\'t have to\... unpack\... for you.

So, all that aside \-- it\'s still an interesting numerical /
bit-twiddling problem, on a purely technical level.

Back when I switched to WordPress, I noticed that the \"shortlinks\" it
generated for every post were terrible. They really weren\'t that short
at all, just appending the base 10 numeric post ID to the blog\'s base
URL. They were barely shorter than the long URL that includes the
post\'s whole subject. So I wrote [a
plugin](https://www.jwz.org/base64-shortlinks/) to do better. For
example, the blog post:

has this default shortlink:

Other services give us:

My code gives us:

I did that by just encoding the post\'s ID number in base64, which is
the same thing those other shorteners do, except that the ID in question
is intrinsic to the post. Other shorteners either just increment a
global variable, or pick a random non-conflicting number. Of course the
smaller that number is, the more traversable the space is, which [can be
a
problem](https://freedom-to-tinker.com/2016/04/14/gone-in-six-characters-short-urls-considered-harmful-for-cloud-services/).

But since the post\'s ID number isn\'t a secret maybe it could be
shorter? Could it be fewer than 4 bytes? Sure, if your post IDs were
smaller. By default, a brand new WordPress blog gives its first post the
ID 100, which encodes as `"ZA"`. This blog currently has 9469 posts, so
that would have still been way down in the three-byte space, `"JP0"`.
The post IDs don\'t increase quite monotonically (the number increases
every time you do a preview, among other things), but it still would
have fit in three.

Unfortunately, I used to host my blog on Livejournal, and only migrated
it here in 2010. The tool I used to import the blog preserved
Livejournal\'s post ID numbers in the WordPress database. Those were
already four bytes: `"FDWn"` was the last one. And then immediately
after that, something went wonky with the import, and *subsequent*
WordPress IDs jumped by eleven million for some reason, all the way up
to `"ygO-"`. If I had noticed it at the time, I could have done surgery
to pull that number back down, but since then there have been almost
5,000 more posts, and I suspect that WordPress might lose its mind if
post IDs are non-increasing. It doesn\'t matter, though, because these
IDs will still fit in 4 bytes for the next 3.5 million posts.

Anyway, a few weeks ago I decided to waste some time making shortlinks
for the [DNA](https://www.dnalounge.com/) web site. Since there was no
Livejournal fuckery, the WP blog [over
there](https://www.dnalounge.com/backstage/log/) already had nice and
small IDs that fit in three bytes, so its shortlinks looked like
`http://dnalounge.com/b/FAM`. But I thought it might be interesting to
make shortlinks for the various other pages on the site, too. Most of
those pages are date-based, so that suggests a way to generate unique
IDs that are predictable and do not require a global counter: just use
the date! But a `time_t` is a big number that takes six bytes to encode,
so that won\'t do.

So I computed the number of *days* since the Epoch instead of the number
of *seconds* (no, you can\'t just divide, because of leap years and
daylight savings). Then there\'s the matter of the directory (is this a
blog post, a calendar page, a flyer page, a gallery page?) and the room
suffix (is this a daytime event in the main room, a nighttime event in
Above DNA, etc?) So I use 3 bits for each of those, adding 6 bits to the
15-bit day number, and a 21-bit number still handily encodes as 4 bytes.

So here\'s a gallery: `http://dnalounge.com/b/G0O6` and its calendar
page: `http://dnalounge.com/b/C0O6` and flyer:
`http://dnalounge.com/b/E0O6` and a blog post from around the same time:
`http://dnalounge.com/b/AUPC`. That they start with low capital letters
means there\'s plenty of space left.

Of course those aren\'t actually all that short, since unsurprisingly,
whoever was squatting `"DNA.com"` back in 1998 never answered my email
when I tried to find out what their price for it would be. But if
someone wanted to buy me `"dnaloun.ge"` from the Registrar of the Great
Nation of Georgia, I wouldn\'t say no.

BTW, autocomplete keeps changing \"shortlink\" to \"chortling\", which
is what I think we should call them now.

[Previously](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2011/08/base64-shortlinks/).
