Altered Carbon
==============

Date: 2018-02-27 22:46:05

I didn\'t think much of this series, but I do have a few things to say
about it\...

First of all, the Raven Hotel was awesome, a great sidekick, and the
best character in the story. And also the only character I was even
slightly sympathetic toward. I want to watch a show that is just about
Overly Attached Hotel Boyfriend. Maybe with Oswald Cobblepot as the
[bartender](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2015/06/oswald/). (I understand
that in the book, the hotel was Hendrix instead of Poe. That sounds
dumb.)

So that was my favorite part. Moving on:

(And by the way, I never read the book, because from the way people
talked about it I assumed it was going to be to *Neuromancer* what
*Sword of Shannara* was to *Lord of the Rings*. So I\'m not comparing
the two.)

Ok, so you\'ve been asleep for three hundred years, you wake up, and
literally the only thing that has changed is that you need to update
your ad blocker settings!

Now, I can imagine how, in this world, maybe the fact that there are a
hundred immortal billionaires who control the world while everyone else
lives in poverty might have had the effect of completely halting all
advancement in technology, and even all changes in
[fashion](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2018/02/gucci-fall-2018-ready-to-wear/).
But if that\'s the case then *that\'s what your story is about* and you
need to at least address it!

Come on!

Next, the way they do \"prison\" in this story didn\'t make sense when
they did it in *Demolition Man* and it doesn\'t make sense here. You\'ve
sentenced a killer to hundreds of years in jail, but for them no
subjective time passes! There are only two things prison can nominally
be for: punishment or rehabilitation. This is neither. It\'s not even
*exile,* because remember, the people who put him in prison are
immortal.

Also this was not eight episodes of story. So much padding. Almost the
entire last episode could have been cut. Guys, if you only have four
hours of story, *that\'s ok.*

Dichen Lachman is great, but I still didn\'t give a crap about her
character, and the \"big reveal\" of who the villain was had no mystery
to it. They set up the show as a detective story or a mystery and then
there was no detecting, or mystery.

A trenchcoat is not a detective.

Graphic design is not worldbuilding.

Then they popped a Max Headroom cameo on us. Ok, ok, yes, I was all-in
on that. You showed me the thing and I recognized the thing. I am not
immune to nostalgia.

[![](https://www.jwz.org/images/scaled/768/2018/alteredcarbon2.jpg){sizes="(max-width: 660px) 65vw, 47em"
srcset="https://www.jwz.org/images/scaled/768/2018/alteredcarbon2.jpg 1922w, https://www.jwz.org/images/scaled/1280/2018/alteredcarbon2.jpg 1280w, https://www.jwz.org/images/scaled/768/2018/alteredcarbon2.jpg 768w, https://www.jwz.org/images/scaled/640/2018/alteredcarbon2.jpg 640w, https://www.jwz.org/images/scaled/360/2018/alteredcarbon2.jpg 360w"}](https://www.jwz.org/images/2018/alteredcarbon2.jpg)[![](https://www.jwz.org/images/scaled/768/2018/alteredcarbon3.jpg){sizes="(max-width: 660px) 65vw, 47em"
srcset="https://www.jwz.org/images/scaled/768/2018/alteredcarbon3.jpg 1922w, https://www.jwz.org/images/scaled/1280/2018/alteredcarbon3.jpg 1280w, https://www.jwz.org/images/scaled/768/2018/alteredcarbon3.jpg 768w, https://www.jwz.org/images/scaled/640/2018/alteredcarbon3.jpg 640w, https://www.jwz.org/images/scaled/360/2018/alteredcarbon3.jpg 360w"}](https://www.jwz.org/images/2018/alteredcarbon3.jpg)

But then!

Instead of streaming it from Netflix, I downloaded torrents of this
show, and one of the side-effects of that is that my only option for
subtitles was all-or-nothing: the files I had didn\'t have a track for
\"only subtitle the scenes that are not in English\", of which there are
quite a few. So I ended up watching it with subtitles on all the time
(which I always find distracting and annoying, because I read ahead of
the voices). And that resulted in this\...

There\'s a big dumb cyber-ninja fight scene, and the music over it is a
cover of White Zombie\'s 1995 hit, *More Human Than Human*. And it was
subtitled. So I\'m pulled completely out of the story, such as it is,
because I\'m watching cyber-ninjas fight while I\'m reading the lyrics
to a twenty-three year old song referencing *Blade Runner,* which was
already thirteen years old when the original song came out \-- in a TV
show that owes literally absolutely everything to *Blade Runner* and
*Neuromancer.*

It\'s almost enough to remind you that this show, based on a sixteen
year old book, is a re-tread of ideas that were done better almost four
decades ago.

And as the rat\'s milk returns to the sewer, the cycle of life is
complete.

[Previously](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2017/10/blade-runner-2049/),
[previously](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2017/10/hatewatching/),
[previously](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2017/10/this-future-looks-familiar-watching-blade-runner-in-2017/),
[previously](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2015/04/live-and-direct-the-definitive-oral-history-of-max-headroom/),
[previously](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2015/06/oswald/),
[previously](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2018/02/gucci-fall-2018-ready-to-wear/),
[previously](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2013/02/all-your-vectors/).
