Recent movies
=============

Date: 2018-02-28 07:40:27

[**Spring:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=668ZdEbXlPY) This was
great. Finally someone understands that Manic Pixie Dream Girl movies
are *actually horror movies.* Without spoiling anything, it\'s not a
vampire movie, but let\'s say it\'s adjacent. Call it *Before Sunrise*
but with monsters. Lots of great squamous practical effects. The ending
pissed me off though: \"You\'re going to give up \_\_\_\_ for *that*
dumbass?\"

[**Batman Vs Two-Face:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ypDDEJz4VoA)
It\'s a Batman cartoon with the voices of Adam West, Burt Ward, Julie
Newmar and William Shatner. They really got the band back together for
this one\.... buuuuuut\... it just kind of feels like a not-very-funny
episode of *Archer*. Which may be more of an indictment of *Archer* than
of this? But still, not great.

[**Kingsman The Golden
Circle:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DWuYkyw-NMk) This was
absolutely despicable. I mean, I knew it was going to be bad, but wow.
Besides being a cut-rate Bond full of hurr-durr cowboy and dick jokes,
it also had a scene where the two fratboy spies have to compete over who
can finger-bang a girl at Burning Man first, because that\'s the only
way they can\... get a tracker in her vagina? Was this written by ten
year old boys? Very, very stupid ten year old boys?

[**Mother:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XpICoc65uh0) I think this
movie is nine hours long and I gave up around hour four. I don\'t even
know what it was about, but it felt like someone yelling at me the whole
time.

[**Mother Krampus:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpwuNjYa4UU) It\'s
just a slasher movie. It\'s not even about Krampus.

[**Neon Maniacs:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ur1h70xWrB4) Somehow
I had never seen this, even though it\'s set in San Francisco. I wasn\'t
missing anything.

[**The Pact:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q-1oPNkmbz0) This was a
pretty solid ghost story, with an ending that I didn\'t guess.
Worthwhile.

[**The Pact II:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bJNB7MZffek) The
sequel isn\'t terrible, but it didn\'t really hold up.

[**Rare Exports:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PwT3wtUCv9Y) Naked
Santa Monster. Several people recommended this but it\'s slow and boring
and terrible.

[**Raw:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fHLJ7TH4ybw) This is pretty
great, and really creepy. What I have learned from horror movies is
this: med students are fucked up and not to be trusted.

[**The Blackcoat\'s
Daughter:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8IdXQEhAiyo) It\'s nice and
moody, but I\'ve already forgotten what the *big twist ending* was.
It\'s pretty but very slow and there\'s not a lot to care about.

[**Replace:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2uL0paQbFug) Vampires
really need to moisturize, you know? Not bad.

[**Happy Death Day:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1NTaDm3atkc) I\'m
actually totally ok with there being a lot of remakes of *Groundhog
Day;* I think there\'s still plenty of room to play around with that
structure. But this one, while not bad, is basically the same movie as
[*Before I Fall*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q3Zyy4ZXegE) but with
less likable characters.

[**The Transfiguration:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IT6PxFxp0TI)
This is the sort of feel-good, happy-go-lucky vampire movie that *Let
The Right One In* was. It\'s slow, and creepy, and I\'m not sure if I
actually liked it. But it wasn\'t a bad movie.

[**Rupture:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kmqEmhkKeaA) The trailer
gives away too much, but this isn\'t bad. It reminds me a bit of the
*Cube* movies in its maze-y clinical mad-science weirdness.

[**Last Days In The
Desert:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RDfySDiGeh8) Ewan McGregor
trolls himself. I enjoyed it a lot more by convincing myself that he was
playing Obi-Wan instead of Jesus.

[**Bright:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gLOxQxMnEz8) I would have
had some vicious things to say about this terrible remake of *Alien
Nation*, but Lindsay Ellis said it all first: [*Bright: The Apotheosis
of Lazy Worldbuilding*.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gLOxQxMnEz8)
How\'s this for hatewatching: I hated this movie so much that I sat
there and watched Lindsay complain about it for 45 minutes! And I
enjoyed that more than the movie itself. Which was only 2 hours long.
Just a taste:

> \"\...ergo it follows that the Atlantic slave trade existed in the
> *Bright* universe, Also *Shrek* exists, meaning that Jeffrey
> Katzenberg exists and the Disney company exists, and it made its bread
> and butter from fairy tales, which are just *normal* tales in this
> universe, but ok. \[\...\] The Alamo exists? Were there Orcs there
> too? Was there chattel slavery of Orcs too, and that\'s why Orcs all
> seem to have European white surnames? Was The Alamo a bigger deal in
> this universe? Because Mexican-Americans get shit for all kinds of
> things, but The Alamo is not one of them. What were the nine races?
> Were Mexicans one of the nine races? \[\...\] And people say they\'re
> interested in the worldbuilding of *Bright* but but but\... there
> isn\'t any!
>
> \"Los Angeles exists. Meaning a Franciscan mission settlement was
> built in the 18th century, meaning the Catholic Church maintained its
> dominion over Spain, meaning the War of Nine Races, a thing that is so
> big a deal that two thousand years after the fact it warrants
> graffiti, was not *such* a big deal that Emperor Constantine couldn\'t
> make Christianity the official religion of the Roman Empire in the 4th
> Century!\"

[**Cloverfield Paradox:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrxBaaINseI)
After the third time that I fell asleep within 15 minutes of starting
this movie, I stopped trying. I guess maybe it wanted to be *Event
Horizon?* Which was also awful. But even in the parts I stayed awake
for, I kept having to back up and look at the exterior shots of the
space station, because Double-You Tee Fuck. Apparently someone got the
memo that to make gravity, you spin things like a wheel, but then
\"down\" seemed to go along the axis? And hey, why have the wheels on
the same axis, that would be just *needlessly simple*, and let\'s\...
have the wheels attach to the rest of the ship at the edge instead of
the center? How would that *even work?* I did not stick around to find
out.

[**Batman Gotham By
Gaslight:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R7FuOmlAO1k) Does what it
says on the can. Booooring. No fun.

[**Murder On The Orient Express:** covered
here.](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2018/02/reviews-of-moustaches-that-i-could-not-finish-watching/)
Covered like a facial corset.

[**Professor Marston And The Wonder
Women:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r991pr4Fohk) The
allegedly-true story of the creators of Wonder Woman. I really enjoyed
this. I don\'t know how close to the truth it is, but it\'s a very cute
movie about some kinky weirdos in the 40s.

[**The Man From Earth:
Holocene:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fnIFpvDbSAg) I loved this!
A lot. It\'s about an immortal, trying to avoid being found out, which
is a lot harder as time goes by. The
[original](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9mOIxyRTY5I) is really great,
and this is an excellent sequel to it. Also, before the movie begins
there\'s a clip of the writer/director saying, \"Hey, we uploaded this
movie to the Internet ourselves, so if you like it, how about you send
us some money.\" I\'ve always been fond of the \"pay what you think
it\'s worth\" approach, especially since it\'s so much easier to make
that judgement after the fact. So I did, and [you should
too.](http://www.manfromearth.com/holocene/)

[**Alpha Gateway:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gInFXtRvwlM) There
was an interesting parallel-worlds movie in here trying to get out, but
why did I have to sit through an hour and a half of \"abusive husband
movie\" to get to it?

[**Hellraiser 10:
Judgment:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ouka80qoVOY) When I tell
you that this was not bad for a Hellraiser movie, you need to understand
that I\'m a bit punch-drunk about the whole series, having [watched and
reviewed all nine of them](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2014/08/hellraiser/)
a few years back. I may not be trustworthy on this topic. There might be
some Stockholm syndrome going on. So yeah, it\'s not bad. It has a *very
strong* beginning, where the story and set design look like *Rob
Zombie\'s Kafka\'s The Trial,* which I was totally down for. But after
that it settles into a cop movie and\... actually it turns out to be
basically a remake of *Hellraiser 5: Inferno*. Except this time with
more Christian mythology thrown in, to which I object in the strongest
possible terms. But \-- very strong opening. Worthy opening.

[**Tragedy Girls:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8fSg0BBV-18) I
guess it wants to be *Heathers*, if all you took from *Heathers* was
\"edgy, cute teens murder people\". Or maybe it\'s more like *Scream* if
*Scream* was not a mystery and just told the whole story linearly from
the point of view of the killers. I enjoyed it while watching it, but
the more I thought about it afterward, especially in light of the
upcoming trainwreck of that *Heathers* TV show, the more I thought,
\"Why did you make this?\"

[**Mute:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ma8te7ywEio) This was pretty
good. Well acted and with some very disturbing villains. I enjoyed it
(though not as much as *Moon*.) But one thing that puzzled me about it
was, why was this a science fiction movie at all? The futuristic setting
has basically no bearing on the plot. So that was just kind of
distracting.

**TV:**

[**Future Man:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vJaUfpbEYIU) Another
time travel show! It\'s dumb and scatological and in the first scene \--
when the commandos from the future show up to recruit the guy who just
beat a video game \-- he says, \"But that\'s the plot of *The Last
Starfighter*.\" It\'s very, very stupid and pretty funny.

[**Dark:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zy0b9e40tK8) Another time
travel show! I loved it. People compare this to *Stranger Things*, and
if all you take from it is that part of it is set in the 80s and it
rains a lot, then I guess so? But one salient difference is that
*Stranger Things* is nostalgia-trafficking crap and *Dark* has a really
interesting story in it, though it takes a while to make sense. A couple
of warnings: First, watch it subtitled instead of dubbed, the English
voice actors are terrible. Second, you\'re going to spend a lot of time
being confused about who\'s who, specifically \"is that kid a younger
version of that adult?\" and this is actually by design.

[**Travelers:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vaSJAVNV1lc) Another
time travel show! I was lukewarm on season 1, but season 2 is *much*
better. They introduce a Big Bad who is interesting and makes sense.

[**Black Mirror:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ELQ6u_5YYM) Wow,
Season 4 is the best yet. There have been a number of earlier episodes
in this series with convenient strawmen, where a lot of it doesn\'t make
a lot of sense in hindsight, but this season works really well. The one
where a woman is hunted by Big Dog, in black and white and almost
entirely without dialog, is especially creepy.

[**Santa Clarita Diet:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xjRnbOgoAUQ)
*Serial Mom,* the series? It\'s dumb and funny. And, you know, the best
zombie show on the air right now.

[**Runaways:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=plyJQG-nRN0) I gave up
on this about halfway through the season. I read the comic years ago,
and I barely remember it (and don\'t remember it being especially good)
but the one thing I do recall is that, in issue 1, the kids realize,
\"Oh, our parents are cultist serial killers. See ya! We\'re gone.\" And
then you basically never see the parents again. But for sone reason,
this show, after establishing that the parents are all cultist serial
killers, try to make half the show be about the parents, like in the
*90210* formula. I\'m sorry, those people are prolific murderers, why
should I care about their mortgages or that their marriage is on the
rocks? Also the girl who is supposed to be the \"young\" one looks 16,
and I guess she\'s supposed to be playing like a 12 year old? But
whoever is writing the script thinks she\'s 8. It\'s terrible.

[**The Gifted:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TSvX-azZmG4) I
expected to hate this. It\'s a \"family on the run\" drama, and it\'s
reminiscent of *Heroes* and full of clichés, but it\'s actually not so
bad. And Coby Bell is great as the fed. I really liked him in *Burn
Notice*.

[**Happy!:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H4gFlDn6c0c) It had its
moments; Patton Oswalt was great as Drop Dead Fred. But mostly it\'s
kind of obvious, and not that great.

[**Altered Carbon:** covered
earlier.](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2018/02/altered-carbon/)

[**The Good Place:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ut0ai4s4mjU) I
love this show. A lot of my friends do not. Like, \"You have to turn
this off right now, this is torturing me\" do not. A good rule of thumb
seems to be whether you were able to tolerate *Parks and Recreation.*
Anyway I think it\'s hilarious and creative, and season 2 completely
flips the plot in a great way.

[**Star Trek Discovery:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hC7IMj7WFyE)
This is really fantastic. It\'s now my favorite Star Trek series after
[*Stargate: Universe*.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z6HvUGXjNnc)
(And yeah, I\'m going to keep making that joke until everyone has
watched *Universe*.)

[**Falling Water:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=npFXzSDhM5U) I
enjoyed season 1 because it was just so abstract and weird, but now that
they\'ve explained what\'s going on and let you in on the mythology
it\'s a lot less interesting. Now they\'re just hunting Freddy Kruger.

[**The Magicians:**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uGAnY6DqevY) Still
absolutely loving everything about this show. Everything.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Incidentally, can someone find me a torrent of [*The
Lure*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WgWe9QVqrl0) that does not have
burned-in English subtitles?

[Previously](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2017/08/recent-movies-21/).
